OFFICIAL STATEMENT DATED NOVEMBER 18, 2014
NEW ISSUE - Book Entry Only RATINGS: Moody’s:  Aa2
 Standard & Poor’s:  AA
 (See “RATINGS” herein)
In the opinion of K&L Gates LLP, Bond Counsel, assuming compliance with certain covenants of the 
City, interest on the Bonds is excludable from gross income for federal income tax purposes under existing law.  
Interest on the Bonds is not an item of tax preference for purposes of either individual or corporate alternative 
minimum tax.  Interest on the Bonds may be indirectly subject to corporate alternative minimum tax and certain 
other taxes imposed on certain corporations.  See “TAX MATTERS” herein for a discussion of the opinion of Bond 
Counsel.
CITY OF SPOKANE, WASHINGTON
$181,225,000
WATER AND WASTEWATER SYSTEM REVENUE BONDS, 2014
(GREEN BONDS)
DATED:  Date of Delivery DUE:  December 1, as shown on inside cover
The City of Spokane, Washington (the “City”) Water and Wastewater System Revenue Bonds, 2014 (the “Bonds”) 
will be issued as fully registered bonds under a book-entry system, initially registered in the name of Cede & Co. (the 
“Registered Owner”), as nominee for The Depository Trust Company, New York (“DTC”), which will act as securities 
depository for the Bonds.  Individual purchases of the Bonds will be made in book-entry form in the principal amount of 
$5,000 or any integral multiple thereof within a single maturity.  Purchasers of the Bonds (the “Beneficial Owners”) will 
not receive certificates representing their interest in the Bonds.  
Principal of and interest on the Bonds shall be payable in lawful money of the United States of America.  Interest on 
the Bonds, payable each June 1 and December 1, commencing June 1, 2015, and principal of the Bonds are payable by the 
Registrar to DTC, which is obligated to remit such principal and interest to its broker-dealer Participants for subsequent 
disbursement to beneficial owners of the Bonds.  The Bank of New York Mellon is currently under contract with the State 
of Washington to act as Registrar.  U.S. Bank National Association has been appointed to become the State’s fiscal agent 
effective February 1, 2015, for a four-year term.  No resignation or removal of the Registrar will become effective until 
a successor has been appointed and has accepted the duties of Registrar.  See Appendix D – “B
OOk-E NTRY SYSTEM.”
Maturity Dates, Principal Amounts, Interest Rates, Yields and CUSIP Numbers on Inside Cover
The Bonds are subject to redemption by the City prior to their stated maturities as described herein. See “THE 
BONDS – Redemption Provisions.”
The Bonds are being issued to finance capital improvements that will improve the health of the Spokane River, 
protect the region’s sole-source drinking water aquifer, make other necessary improvements to the Water and Wastewater 
System, and to pay costs of issuance.  See “PURPOSE AND APPLICATION OF BOND PROCEEDS.”  
The Bonds are payable solely from a special fund of the City, known as the Revenue Bond Fund, and from the Net 
Revenue of the Water and Wastewater System pledged thereto.  The Net Revenue and any Utility Local Improvement 
Districts (“ULID”) Assessments are irrevocably pledged to the payment of the Bonds and any Future Parity Bonds 
(collectively, the “Parity Bonds”).  This pledge constitutes a lien and charge upon the Net Revenue and ULID Assessments 
equal to the lien and charge to pay and secure the payment of the principal of and interest on the Parity Bonds, and is 
prior and superior to any other charges whatsoever.  
The Bonds do not constitute a debt or indebtedness of the State or any political subdivision thereof other than the 
City.  Neither the full faith and credit nor the taxing power of the City is pledged to the repayment of the Bonds.  See 
“SECURITY FOR THE BONDS” herein.
This cover page contains certain information for quick reference only.  Investors must read the entire Official 
Statement to obtain information essential to making an informed investment decision.
The Bonds are offered when, as, and if executed and delivered, subject to receipt of the legal opinion of K&L 
Gates LLP, Spokane, Washington, Bond Counsel, and certain other conditions.  It is expected that the Bonds will be 
available for delivery through the facilities of DTC in New York, New York, or to the Registrar on behalf of DTC by 
Fast Automated Securities Transfer, on or about December 2, 2014 (the “Date of Delivery”).
 
MATURITY SCHEDULE, INTEREST RATES, YIELDS AND CUSIP NUMBERS 
 
 
 
$181,225,000 
WATER AND WASTEWATER SYSTEM REVENUE BONDS, 2014 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
_______________ 
* Priced to the call date  of December 1, 2024.   
**  CUSIP numbers are provided b y CUSIP Global Services, managed  o n  b e h a l f  o f  t h e  A m e r i c a n  B a n k e r s  
Association by Standard and Poor’s, and are included on the fro nt cover of this Official Statement for the 
convenience of the holders and potential holders of the Bonds. Such inclusion is not intended to create a 
database and does not serve in any way as a substitute for the CUSIP Global Services.  The CUSIP numbers 
are assigned by an independent company not affiliated with the City.  No assurance can be given that the 
CUSIP numbers for the Bonds will remain the same after the date  of issuance and delivery of the Bonds.  
Neither the City nor the successful bidder takes responsibility  for the accuracy of the CUSIP numbers.
Due  Interest  CUSIP 
Dec. 1 Amount Rate Yield Number** 
2015  $5,625,000  5.00% 0.19% 849103 AA4 
2016  5,920,000  5.00 0.45 849103 AB2 
2017  6,215,000  5.00 0.72 849103 AC0 
2018  6,530,000  5.00 1.03 849103 AD8 
2019  6,855,000  5.00 1.31 849103 AE6 
2020  7,200,000  5.00 1.64 849103 AF3 
2021  7,555,000  5.00 1.95 849103 AG1 
2022  7,935,000  5.00 2.16 849103 AH9 
2023  8,330,000  5.00 2.31 849103 AJ5 
2024  8,750,000  5.00 2.41 849103 AK2 
2025  9,185,000  5.00 2.52* 849103 AL0 
2026  9,645,000  3.00 3.00 849103 AM8 
2027  9,935,000  3.15 3.15 849103 AN6 
2028  10,250,000  4.50 2.91* 849103 AP1 
2029  10,710,000  4.50 2.99* 849103 AQ9 
2030  11,190,000  4.00 3.21* 849103 AR7 
2031  11,640,000  4.00 3.26* 849103 AS5 
2032  12,105,000  4.00 3.31* 849103 AT3 
2033  12,590,000  3.75 3.46* 849103 AU0 
2034  13,060,000  3.75 3.51* 849103 AV8  i 
CITY OF SPOKANE, WASHINGTON 
808 W. Spokane Falls Blvd. 
Spokane, Washington 99201 
(509) 625-6586 
www.spokanecity.org* 
 
 
Mayor and Council 
 
Member Position Term Expires 
David A. Condon Mayor  December 31, 2015 
Ben Stuckart Council Pr esident  December 31, 2015 
Mike Allen Council Me mber December 31, 2015 
Mike Fagan Council Member December 31, 2015 
Candace Mumm Council Member December 31, 2017 
Jon Snyder Council Me mber December 31, 2017 
Karen Stratton Council Member Upon certification of the 
November 2015 election  
Amber Waldref Council Member December 31, 2017 
 
City Administrative Staff 
 
Theresa Sanders 
Gavin Cooley 
Rick Romero 
Pamela Dolan 
City Administrator 
Chief Financial Officer 
Utilities Division Director 
Director of Accounting 
 
Registrar** 
(Current fiscal agent of the State of Washington) 
The Bank of New York Mellon 
Dallas, Texas 
 
Bond Counsel and Disclosure Counsel 
K&L Gates LLP 
Spokane, Washington 
 
Financial Advisor 
A. Dashen & Associates 
Bellevue, Washington 
 
 
 
 
 
____________________ 
* The City’s website is not part of this official statement and investors should not rely on information that is 
presented in the City’s website in determining whether to purchase the Bonds.  This inactive textual reference to 
the City’s website is not a hyperlink and does not incorporate the City’s website by reference. 
** The Bank of New York Mellon is currently under contract with t he State of Washington to act as Registrar.  
U.S. Bank National Association has been appointed to become the  S t a t e ’ s  f i s c a l  a g e n t  e f f e c t i v e  F e b r u a r y  1 ,  
2015, for a four-year term.  
 
ii 
The information set forth herein has been obtained from the Cit y and other sources that the City believes to be 
reliable.  However, the information set forth in Appendix D – “ BOOK-ENTRY SYSTEM” has been furnished by 
DTC’s website.  Quotations from, summaries and explanations of the laws and documents do not purport to be 
complete statements of their pro visions; reference is made to t he entirety of such documents or laws.  This Official 
Statement is not to be construed as a contract or agreement between the City and the purchasers or owners of any of 
the Bonds. The cover page hereof  and appendices attached hereto are part of this Official Statement.  The order and 
placement of materials in this Official Statement, including th e Appendices, are not to be interpreted as a 
determination of relevance, materiality or importance, and this Official Statement, including the appendices must be 
considered in its entirety.  The offering of the Bonds is made only by means of this entire Official Statement. 
 
No dealer, broker, sales representative or other person has been authorized by the City to give any information or to 
make any representations, other than as contained in this Offic ial Statement in connection with the offering made 
hereby and, if given or made, such information or representatio ns must not be relied upon.  The information and 
expressions of opinions herein are subject to change without no tice, and neither the delivery of this Official 
Statement nor any sale made hereunder will, under any circumsta nces, create any implication that there has been no 
change in the information set forth herein since the date hereo f.  This Official Statement does not constitute an offer 
to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy nor will there b e any sale of the Bonds by any person, in any jurisdiction 
in which it is unlawful for such persons to make such offer, solicitation or sale. 
 
The Bonds have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the Bond Ordinance has not 
been qualified under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amende d, in reliance upon exemptions contained in such 
Acts.  The registration or qualif ication of the Bonds in accord ance with applicable provisions of securities laws of 
the states in which the Bonds have been registered or qualified  and the exemption from registration or qualification 
in other states cannot be regarded as a recommendation thereof.   Neither these states nor any of their agencies have 
passed upon the merits of the b onds or the accuracy or complete ness of this Official Statement.  Any representation 
to the contrary may be a criminal offense.  
 
In connection with the offering of the Bonds, the Underwriter m ay overallot or effect transactions that stabilize or 
maintain the market price of such Bonds at levels above that wh ich might otherwise prevail in the open market.  
Such stabilizing, if commenced, may be discontinued at any time. 
 
The presentation of certain information, including tables of re ceipts from revenues, is intended to show recent 
historical information and is not intended to indicate future o r continuing trends in the financial position or other 
affairs of the City.  No representation is made that past experience will continue to be repeated in the future. 
 
This Official Statement contains forecasts, projections, and es timates that are based upon expectations and 
assumptions that existed at the time such forecasts, projections, and estimates were prepared.  The inclusion of such 
forecasts, projections, and esti mates should not be regarded as  a representation by the City that such forecasts, 
projections, and estimates will occur and they are not intended  as representations of fact or as guarantees of results.  
If and when included in this Offi cial Statement, the words “pla n,” “expect,” “forecast,” “estimate,” “budget,” 
“project,” “intends,” “anticipat es,” and similar words are inte nded to identify forward-lo oking statements, and any 
such statements inherently are subject to a variety of risks an d uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ 
materially from those projected.  These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they were prepared. 
 
Information on websites referenced in this Official Statement i s not incorporated into this Official Statement and 
cannot be relied upon to be accurate as of the date of this Off icial Statement, nor can any such information be relied 
upon in making investment decisions regarding the Bonds.  
 
   
 
iii 
CITY OF SPOKANE, WASHINGTON 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
INTRODUCTION ..................................................... 1 
Green Bonds .......................................................... 1 
THE BONDS ............................................................. 2 
Principal Amount, Date, Interest Rates and 
Maturities ............................................................... 2 
Form and Denomination ........................................ 2 
Registrar ................................................................ 2 
Redemption Provisions .......................................... 2 
PURPOSE AND APPLICATION OF BOND 
PROCEEDS ............................................................... 4
 
Purpose of the Bonds ............................................. 4 
Sources and Uses of Funds .................................... 4 
SECURITY FOR THE BONDS ................................ 4 
Revenue Bond Fund .............................................. 4 
Flow of Funds ........................................................ 5 
Rate Covenant ....................................................... 5 
Coverage Stabilization Account ............................ 5 
Reserve Account .................................................... 6 
Future Parity Bonds ............................................... 6 
Additional Covenants ............................................ 8 
Permitted Investments ........................................... 9 
No Acceleration ..................................................... 9 
Amendatory Ordinances ........................................ 9 
DEBT SERVICE REQUIREMENTS AND 
ADDITIONAL BORROWING ............................... 10
 
Future Parity Bonds ............................................. 10 
Summary of Outstanding Parity Debt .................. 10 
Subordinate Obligations ...................................... 10 
THE WATER AND WASTEWATER SYSTEM ... 11 
Overview ............................................................. 11 
Water System ....................................................... 11 
Wastewater and Stormwater System ................... 12 
CAPITAL PLANNING ........................................... 12 
Integrated Clean Water Plan ................................ 12 
Wastewater and Stormwater System Capital 
Improvements ...................................................... 13 
Water System Capital Improvements .................. 13 
OPERATIONS OF THE WATER AND 
WASTEWATER SYSTEM ..................................... 14
 
Water System Operations .................................... 14 
Wastewater and Stormwater Operations .............. 14 
Rates and Billing ................................................. 14 
Compliance with State and Federal Environmental 
Water Quality Laws and Regulations .................. 17
 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION ............................... 19 
Historical Operating Results ................................ 19 
Projected Operating Results ................................ 22 
THE CITY ............................................................... 23 
City Management and Staff ................................. 23 
Labor Relations ................................................... 23 
Pension Funding .................................................. 24 
Other Post-Employment Benefits ........................ 26 
Risk Management ................................................ 27 
Accounting Practices ........................................... 27 
Budgetary Policies ............................................... 27 
Auditing of City Finances .................................... 27 
Authorized Investments ....................................... 27 
Spokane Investment Pool .................................... 27 
GENERAL AND ECONOMIC INFORMATION .. 28 
Historical Population ........................................... 28 
Economic Overview ............................................ 28 
CERTAIN INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS .. 32 
Initiatives and Referendum .................................. 32 
Limitations on Remedies ..................................... 32 
LITIGATION CONCERNING THE BONDS 
AND THE CITY ..................................................... 32
 
TAX MATTERS ..................................................... 33 
Premium .............................................................. 34 
RATINGS ................................................................ 34 
UNDERWRITING AND LEGAL .......................... 34 
Approval of Bond Counsel .................................. 34 
Financial Advisor ................................................ 34 
Underwriting ........................................................ 34 
Conflicts of Interest ............................................. 35 
CONTINUING DISCLOSURE ............................... 35 
Prior Compliance ................................................. 36 
OFFICIAL STATEMENT....................................... 36 
 
THE BOND ORDINANCE ..................... Appendix A
 
FORM OF LEGAL OPINION .................Appendix B 
2013 AUDITED FINANCIAL  
STATEMENTS ........................................Appendix C 
BOOK-ENTRY SYSTEM ...................... Appendix D
 
GREEN BONDS LETTER....................... Appendix E 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[This page intentionally left blank.] 
 
 
1 
OFFICIAL STATEMENT 
CITY OF SPOKANE, WASHINGTON 
$181,225,000 
WATER AND WASTEWATER SYSTEM REVENUE BONDS, 2014 
(GREEN BONDS) 
 
INTRODUCTION 
 
The City of Spokane, Washington (the “City”) furnishes this Off icial Statement in connection with the offering of 
$181,225,000 principal amount of its Water and Wastewater Syste m Revenue Bonds, 2014 (the “Bonds”).  This Official 
Statement, including the cover page, inside cover page and appe ndices, provides information concerning the City, the Bonds, 
the City’s Water and Wastewater System (the “System”).  The Cit y is a municipal corporation under the constitution and laws 
of the State of Washington (the “State”).  The City’s Utility Division operates the System. 
 
The Bonds are issued under the authority of chapters 35.41, 35. 67, 35.92, and 39.46 of the Revised Code of Washington 
(“RCW”) and pursuant to Ordinance No. C35170 passed October 27,  2014 (the “Bond Ordinance”) by the City Council, 
including delegation to the Designated Representative(s) and ot her City officials the authority to approve the final terms of the 
Bonds and to take other actions necessary for the issuance and delivery of the Bonds. 
 
The Bonds are limited obligations of the City, payable solely f rom the Net Revenue of the System.  The City has no other 
bonds on parity with or senior to the Bonds secured by the revenues of the System. 
 
Proceeds of the Bonds will be used to finance capital projects that improve the health of the Spokane River, protect the region’s 
sole-source drinking water aquifer, make other necessary improv ements to the City’s Water and Wastewater System, and to 
pay costs of issuance.  See “CAPITAL PLANNING”. 
 
All of the summaries of provisions of the Constitution and laws  of the state of Washington (t he “State”), of ordinances and 
resolutions of the City, and of other documents contained herein are made subject to the complete provisions thereof and do not 
purport to be complete statements of such documents, copies of which may be obtained from the City upon request.  Certain 
financial information regarding the City has been taken from th e City’s audited financial statements, budgets and other 
financial reports, and their accompanying notes; for complete i nformation, copies thereof may be obtained from the City upon 
request.  See Appendix C for the City’s 2013 audited financial statements. 
 
Certain capitalized words and phrases used in this Official Sta tement not defined herein have the meanings given in the Bond 
Ordinance, unless the context clearly indicates that another meaning is intended, which is included as Appendix A.   
 
In the preparation of the projections in this Official Statement, the City has made certain assumptions with respect to conditions 
that may occur in the future.  While the City believes these as sumptions are reasonable for the purpose of the projections, they 
are dependent upon future events, and actual conditions may differ from those assumed.   
 
Green Bonds 
 
The designation of the Bonds as “Green Bonds” provides investor s the opportunity to invest directly in bonds which finance 
environmentally beneficial projects. The City has hired an inde pendent consultant, CH2M Hill, to provide a second party 
opinion on the sustainability of the City’s “Green Bonds.” See Appendix E – “GREEN BONDS LETTER.” 
 
In the last two years, the City has worked to advance a System management approach that is both environmentally and 
financially responsible.  The City is selling these “Green Bonds” to finance “green” projects that will positively impact—and 
protect— the environment and the health of System customers. Th e City, through these project s, is seeking outcomes with 
respect to water quality, water quantity, energy use, and clima te resilience; overall, these projects are designed to be 
environmentally beneficial. 
 
Net proceeds of the Bonds will be applied toward Clean Water an d Drinking Water projects which will provide environmental 
benefits, including the following: 
  
 
 
2 
(i) Improve the health of the Spokane River and other surface water  bodies by reducing flows of stormwater and 
wastewater into these water bodies and improve the quality of t he effluent discharged from the City’s wastewater 
treatment plant. 
(ii) Protect the aquifer, the sole sou rce of drinking water for more  than a half million people in the Spokane region, by 
protecting wellhead influence zones, ensuring the integrity of underground wastewater infrastructure, and employing 
green infrastructure techniques to treat stormwater runoff. 
(iii) Preserve aquifer water resources by reducing system leakage and effectively managing the water distribution system. 
(iv) Promote efficient energy use by maintaining and updating distribution and treatment systems. 
(v) Enable resilience in anticipation of climate change and populat ion growth by ensuring redundancies in water and 
wastewater systems and treating more stormwater on site to free up piping and treatment capacity to accommodate 
change.  
 
Use of the proceeds of the Bonds  will be tracked by the City.  The City will post updates regarding the use of the proceeds on 
its website at least annually and will post a final list of pro jects funded when all net proceeds of the Bonds have been spent .  
Once all net proceeds of the Bonds have been spent, no further updates will be provided. 
 
Unspent proceeds of the Bonds will be invested in allowable investments under State law. 
 
THE BONDS 
Principal Amount, Date, Interest Rates and Maturities 
 
The Bonds will be dated and bear interest from their date of delivery to the initial purchaser (the “Issue Date”).  The Bonds will 
mature on the dates and in the p rincipal amounts and will bear interest (payable semiannually on June 1 and December 1, 
commencing June 1, 2015) at the rates as set forth on the insid e cover of this Official Statement.  Interest on the Bonds will  be 
computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months. 
 
Form and Denomination 
 
The Bonds will be issued in fully registered form in the denomi nation of $5,000 each, or integra l multiples ther eof within a 
single maturity (“Authorized Denominations”).  Individual purch ases may be made in book-entry form only.  Purchasers will 
not receive certificates represen ting their interest in the Bon ds purchased.  The Bonds, when issued, will be registered in th e 
name of Cede & Co., as registered owner and nominee of The Depo sitory Trust Company, New York, New York (“DTC”).  
DTC shall act as initial Securities Depository for the Bonds. 
 
So long as Cede & Co. is the registered owner of the Bonds, ref erences herein to the Registered Owners or bond owners will 
mean Cede & Co. and will not mean the “Beneficial Owners” of th e Bonds.  In this Official Statement, the term “Beneficial 
Owner” will mean the person for whom a DTC participant acquires an interest in the Bonds. 
Registrar 
 
Principal of and interest on the Bonds will be payable by the f iscal agency of the State.  The Bank of New York Mellon is 
currently under contract with the State to act as registrar (the “Registrar”).  U.S. Bank National Association has been appointed 
to become the State’s fiscal agent effective February 1, 2015, for a four-year term.  So long as  Cede & Co. is the Registered 
Owner of the Bonds, principal of and interest on the Bonds are payable by wire transfer by th e Registrar to DTC, which, in 
turn, is obligated to remit such principal and interest to the DTC participants for subsequent disbursement to the Beneficial 
Owners of the Bonds, as further described herein in Appendix D, “BOOK-ENTRY SYSTEM.” 
Redemption Provisions 
 
Optional Redemption.  The Bonds maturing in the years 2015 through 2024 are not sub ject to redemption prior to their stated 
maturity dates.  The Bonds matur ing on or after December 1, 202 5 are subject to optional redemption prior to their stated 
maturity dates at the option of the City on and after December 1, 2024, in whole or in part at any time (maturities to be selected 
by the City and within a maturity in such manner as DTC or the Registrar shall determine), at  100 percent of the principal 
amount thereof plus accrued interest to the date fixed for redemption. 
 
Partial Redemption. Portions of the principal amount of the Bonds, in any Authori zed Denomination, may be redeemed. If less 
than all of the principal amount of the Bonds is redeemed, upon  surrender of that Bond to the Registrar, there will be issued to 
the Registered Owner, without charge, a new Bond (or Bonds, at the option of the Registered Owner) of the same maturity and 
interest rate in any Authorized Denomination in the aggregate principal amount remaining unredeemed.  
 
 
3 
 
Selection of Bonds for Redemption. If fewer than all of the Bonds within a maturity are to be redeemed prior to maturity, Bonds 
will be selected for redemption randomly within a maturity in s uch manner as the Registrar shall determine. Notwithstanding 
the foregoing, for as long as th e Bonds are registered in the name of DTC or its nominee, selection of Bonds for redemption 
will be in accordance with the Letter of Representations.  
 
Notice of Redemption.  While the Bonds are held by DTC in book-entry only form, any n otice of redemption will be given at 
the time, to the entity and in the manner required by DTC in ac cordance with the Letter of Repre sentations, and the Registrar 
will not be required to give any other notice of redemption. If  the Bonds cease to be in book-entry only form unless waived by  
any Registered Owner of the Bond s to be redeemed, the City will  cause notice of any intended redemption of Bonds to be 
given by the Registrar not less than 20 nor more than 60 days p rior to the date fixed for redemption by first-class mail, post age 
prepaid, to the Registered Owner of any Bond to be redeemed at the address appearing on the B ond Register at the time the 
Registrar prepares the notice.  The requirements of this notice  will be deemed to have been fulfilled when notice has been 
mailed, whether or not it is actually received by the Registered or Beneficial Owner of any Bond.  
 
In the case of an optional redemption, the notice may state tha t the City retains the right to rescind the redemption notice a nd 
the related optional redemption of Bonds by giving a notice of rescission to the affected Registered Owners at any time prior to 
the scheduled optional redemption date. Any notice of optional redemption that is so rescinded will be of no effect, and the 
Bonds for which the notice of optional redemption has been rescinded will remain outstanding. 
 
Effect of Redemption. Interest on Bonds called for redemption will cease to accrue on the date fixed for redemption, unless the 
notice of redemption is rescinded. 
 
Failure to Redeem Bonds . If any Bond is not redeemed when properly presented at its ma turity or on the date set for 
redemption, if applicable, the City is obligated to pay interes t on that Bond at the same rate provided in the Bond from and 
after its maturity or date set for redemption until that Bond, both principal and interest, is paid in full or until sufficient money 
for its payment in full is on deposit in the Bond Fund and the Bond has been called for payment by giving notice of that call to 
the Registered Owner.  
 
Open Market Purchase. The City reserves the right and  option to purchase any or all  of the Bonds in the open market at any 
time at any price acceptable to the City plus accrued interest to the date of purchase.   
 
Cancellation of Bonds. All Bonds purchased or redeemed by the City will be canceled. 
 
Refunding or Defeasance of the Bonds.  The City may issue refunding bonds pursuant to State law or use money available from 
any other lawful source to carry out a refunding or defeasance plan, which may include (a) paying when due the principal of 
and interest on any or all of the Bonds (the “defeased Bonds”);  (b) redeeming the defeased Bonds prior to their maturity; and 
(c) paying the costs of the refunding or defeasance. If the City sets aside in a special trust fund or escrow account irrevoca bly 
pledged to that redemption or defeasance (the “trust account”), money and/or Government Obligations maturing at a time or 
times and bearing interest in amounts sufficient to redeem and retire, refund or defease the de feased Bonds in accordance with 
their terms, then all rights and interest of the Owners of the defeased Bonds in the covenants of the Ordinance and in the fun ds 
and accounts obligated to the payment of the defeased Bonds cea se and become void. Thereafter, the Owners of defeased 
Bonds will have the right to receive payment of the principal of and interest on the defeased Bonds solely from the trust 
account and the defeased Bonds will be deemed no longer outstanding.  In that event, the City may apply any money remaining 
in any fund or account (other tha n the trust account) established for the payment or redemption of the defeased Bonds to any 
lawful purpose, subject only to the rights of the Owners of oth er Parity Bonds then outstanding unless otherwise specified by 
the City in a refunding or defeas ance plan, notice of refunding  or defeasance will be given, and selection of Bonds will be 
conducted, in the manner prescribed by the Bond Ordinance for the redemption of Bonds. 
 
Transfer and Exchange.   While the Bonds are held by DTC in book-entry form, beneficia l ownership interests in the Bonds 
will be subject to transfer and e xchange pursuant to the operat ional arrangements of DTC in ef fect from time to time.  See 
Appendix D for additional information which has been provided by DTC.  The City makes no representation as to the accuracy 
or completeness thereof.  Beneficial Owners of the Bonds should confirm its contents with DTC or DTC Participants. 
 
Termination of Book-Entry System.   If DTC resigns as the securities depository and the City is u nable to retain a qualified 
successor to DTC, or if the City  decides to discontinue the boo k-entry system of transfer, the City will execute, authenticate  
and deliver at no cost to the Beneficial Owners of the Bonds or  their nominees, Bonds in fully registered form, in any 
Authorized Denomination.  Thereafter, the principal of the Bond s will be payable upon presentment and surrender thereof to  
 
 
4 
the Registrar; interest on the Bonds will be payable by electro nic transfer on the payment date, or by check or draft mailed o n 
the interest payment date to the Registered Owner at the address appearing on the Bond Register on the Record Date.  The City 
is not required to make electroni c transfers except to a Regist ered Owner of the Bonds pursuant to a request in writing (and a t 
the sole expense of the Registered Owner) received on or prior to the Record Date. 
 
During any period in which the Bonds are not registered in the name of DTC or its nominee or a successor depository, Bonds 
surrendered to the Registrar may be exchanged for Bonds in any Authorized Denomination of an equal aggregate principal 
amount and of the same interest rate and maturity.  Bonds may be transferred only if endorsed in the manner provided thereon and 
surrendered to the Registrar.  Any exchange or transfer will be without cost to the registered owner or transferee.  The Registrar is 
not obligated to exchange or transfer any Bond during the 15 days preceding the date any such Bond is to be redeemed. 
 
PURPOSE AND APPLICATION OF BOND PROCEEDS 
Purpose of the Bonds 
 
Proceeds of the Bonds will be used to finance capital improveme nts that will improve the health of the Spokane River, protect 
the City’s sole-source drinking water aquifer, make other necessary improvements to the System, and to pay costs of issuance. 
 
For additional information on the capital improvements being fu nded in part from proceeds of the Bonds, see “CAPITAL 
IMPROVEMENTS – Wastewater and Stormwater System – Capital Improvements.” 
Sources and Uses of Funds 
 
Estimated sources and uses of funds are shown in the following table:  
 
Source of Funds 
 
  Principal Amount of Bonds $181,225,000.00 
  Original Issue Premium 19,711,699.10 
    Total Sources $200,936,699.10 
  
Use of Funds  
  Deposit to Construction Fund $200,000,000.00 
  Costs of Issuance (1) 936,699.10 
    Total Uses  $200,936,699.10 
____________________ 
(1) Includes bond rating fees, underwriter’s discount, financial ad visor’s fees, bond and disclosure counsel’s fees, and other cos ts incurred 
in connection with the issuance of the Bonds. 
 
SECURITY FOR THE BONDS 
 
Under the Bond Ordinance and subject to its terms and condition s, the Bonds are special limited obligations of the City, 
payable from and solely secured by Net Revenue of the System an d all money and investments held in the Revenue Bond 
Fund, the Coverage Stabilization Account, and the Revenue Fund (except for money or investments held for the purpose of 
compliance with rebate requirements under the Code).   
 
THE BONDS ARE NOT GENERAL OBLIGATIONS OF THE CITY, AND NEITHER THE FULL FAITH AND CREDIT 
NOR THE TAXING POWER OF THE CITY OR OF THE STATE, NOR ANY REVENUES OF THE CITY DERIVED 
FROM SOURCES OTHER THAN THE SYSTEM ARE PLEDGED TO THE PAYMENT THEREOF.  
 
Revenue Bond Fund  
 
A special fund of the City, named the Water Wastewater Fund (the “Revenue Fund”) has been established as a separate fund 
from all other funds and accounts of the City. The City will de posit all Revenue of the System into this fund, as collected, 
except interest earned and income derived from investments of money in the Revenue Bond Fund.  The Revenue Bond Fund is 
the “Water Wastewater Fund – Bond Redemption Subaccount” which was created for the express purpose of paying and 
securing the payment of the principal of, premium, if any, and interest on the Bonds.  
   
 
 
5 
Flow of Funds  
 
The City has covenanted that the Revenue of the System deposited into the Revenue Fund shall be used for the following 
purposes in the following order of priority: 
 
(i) To pay the Costs of Maintenance and Operation; 
(ii) To make all required payments into the Revenue Bond Fund to pay  the interest on any Parity Bonds, 
including reimbursements to the issuer of a Credit Facility if the Credit Facility secures the payment of 
interest on Parity Bonds and the ordinance authorizing such Parity Bonds provides for such reimbursement; 
(iii) To make all required payments into the Revenue Bond Fund to pay  the principal of any Parity Bonds, 
including reimbursements to the issuer of a Credit Facility if such Credit Facility secures the payment of 
principal of Parity Bonds and the ordinance authorizing such Parity Bonds provides for such reimbursement; 
(iv) To make all payments required to be made into any sinking fund account created to provide for the payment 
of the principal of Balloon Maturity Bonds; 
(v) To make all required payments into the Reserve Account for Cove red Bonds and to any reserve account 
created in the future for the payment of debt service on Future Parity Bonds; 
(vi) To make all payments required to be made into any revenue debt redemption fund, debt service account, 
reserve account or sinking fund account created to pay and secure the payment of the principal of and interest 
on Government Loans and any revenue bonds, or revenue warrants or other revenue obligations of the City 
having a lien upon the Revenue of the System junior and inferio r to the lien thereon for the payment of the 
principal of and interest on the Parity Bonds; and 
(vii) To retire, by redemption or purchase, any outstanding System revenue bonds or revenue warrants of the City, 
to make necessary additions, betterments, improvements and repairs to or extensions and replacements of the 
System, or for any other lawful City purposes. 
Rate Covenant 
 
The City covenants in the Bond Ordinance to establish, maintain  and collect rates and charges for service of its System as lon g 
as any Parity Bonds are outstanding sufficient to maintain the Rate Covenant, which is defined as Net Revenue in each fiscal 
year at least equal to 125% of the amounts required to pay sche duled debt service (principal and interest) on all Parity Bonds , 
subtracting from scheduled debt service the amount of ULID Asse ssments collected in such year.  The City currently has no 
ULID bonds outstanding. 
 
When determining compliance with the Rate Covenant, Revenue of the System and Costs of Maintenance and Operation may 
be adjusted for certain items (e.g., to omit unrealized gains o r losses in investments) to more fairly reflect the System’s an nual 
operating performance.  Amounts withdrawn from the Coverage Stabilization Account will increase Revenue of the System for 
the period in which they are withdrawn, and amounts deposited i n the Coverage Stabilization Account will reduce Revenue of 
the System for the period during which they are deposited.  Cre dits to or from the Coverage Stabilization Account that occur 
within 90 days after the end of a fiscal year may be treated as occurring within such fiscal year. 
 
Coverage Stabilization Account 
 
Under the Bond Ordinance, the City may establish a Coverage Sta bilization Account within the Revenue Fund. The Coverage 
Stabilization Fund will moderate fluctuations in the Net Revenu es and help alleviate the need for short-term rate adjustments.  
Money in the Coverage Stabilization Account will be transferred  as determined necessary by the City.  The City may make 
payments into or withdraw money from the Coverage Stabilization  Account from the Revenue Fund at any time, so long as 
amounts withdrawn are used for the purposes for which Revenue of the System may be used.  
 
Amounts withdrawn from the Covera ge Stabilization Account shall  increase Revenue of the System for the period in which 
they are withdrawn, and amounts deposited in the Coverage Stabi lization Account shall reduce Revenue of the System for the 
period during which they are deposited for purposes of measurin g compliance with the Rate Covenant.  Credits to or from the 
Coverage Stabilization Account that occur within 90 days after the end of a fiscal year may be treated as occurring within suc h 
fiscal year.  Earnings on the Coverage Stabilization Account shall be credited to the Revenue Fund. 
 
The City currently has not established a Coverage Stabilization Account. 
   
 
 
6 
Reserve Account 
 
The Reserve Account is maintained for the purpose of securing t he payment of the principal of and interest on all Covered 
Bonds. The Bonds are Covered Bonds, secured by the Reserve Acco unt. At the closing and delivery of the Bonds, the City 
will not be obligated to fund the Reserve Requirement.  If, however, in any fiscal year, Net Revenue is not at least e qual to 
150% of the amounts required in such fiscal year to be paid as scheduled debt service (principal and interest) on all Parity 
Bonds, subtracting from scheduled debt service the amount of ULID Assessments collected in such year (allowing for the same 
adjustments described in the definition of Rate Covenant), the City will be required to fund the Reserve Requirement within 
three years.  The payments into the Reserve Account may be made from the proceeds of Future Parity Bonds, Revenue of the 
System, or ULID Assessments (or, at the option of the City, out of any other funds on hand and legally available therefor) in 
approximately equal additional annual installments so that with in three years following the fis cal year in which the foregoing  
minimum coverage requirement was not met there will have been p aid into the Reserve Account an amount that, together with 
the money already on deposit therein, will be at least equal to  the Reserve Requirement.  Such annual payments into the 
Reserve Account will be made not later than December 20 of each year.  Provided, if the City adopts rates and charges or takes 
such other action to ensure that the foregoing minimum coverage requirement is met, the City will not be required to maintain a 
balance in the Reserve Account. 
 
The “Reserve Requirement,” when required to be funded per the B ond Ordinance, is the least of Maximum Annual Debt 
Service for Covered Bonds, 10% of the initial principal amount of Covered Bonds of each series, or 125% of average annual 
debt service for Covered Bonds, provided, however that 10% of t he initial principal amount of Covered Bonds of each series 
may be contributed to the Reserve Account from any series of Covered Bonds. 
 
“Covered Bonds” are defined in the Bond Ordinance as the Bonds of a series and those Future Parity Bonds designated in the 
ordinance authorizing their issuance as Covered Bonds secured by the Reserve Account. 
 
The following provisions of the Bo nd Ordinance shall become effective only after the City is obligated to fund the Reserve 
Requirement.  The City covenants and agrees that when the requi red deposits have been made into the Reserve Account for 
Covered Bonds, it will at all times maintain therein an amount at least equal to the Reserve Requirement except for 
withdrawals therefrom authorized  hereinafter, at all times for so long as any Covered Bonds remain outstanding.  Whenever 
there is a sufficient amount in the Revenue Bond Fund, includin g all accounts therein, to pay the principal of, premium, if an y, 
and interest on all outstanding Parity Bonds, the money in the Reserve Account may be used to pay the principal of, premium, 
if any, and interest on the Parity Bonds secured thereby.  Money in the Reserve Account may also be withdrawn to redeem and 
retire, and to pay the premium, if any, and interest due to suc h date of redemption, on the outstanding Parity Bonds, as long as 
the money remaining on deposit in the Reserve Account is at lea st equal to the Reserve Requirement determined with respect 
to the Covered Bonds then outstanding. 
 
In the event there shall be a deficiency in the Revenue Bond Fu nd to meet maturing installments of either interest on or 
principal of and interest on any Covered Bonds, such deficiency shall be made up from the Reserve Account by the withdrawal 
of money therefrom.  Cash and investments shall be drawn upon prior to any drawing upon a surety bond.  Any deficiency 
created in the Reserve Account by reason of any such withdrawal shall then be made up out of Revenue of the System or ULID 
Assessments within one year after making necessary provision for the payments required to be made to items (i) through (iv) of 
the “Flow of Funds” above.  
 
If there arises a deficiency in t he Revenue Bond Fund to meet m aturing installments of principal and/or interest on any Parity  
Bonds, the deficiency will be made up by withdrawing funds from  the Reserve Account.  Cash and investments will be drawn 
upon prior to any drawing upon a surety bond.  Any deficiency c reated in the Reserve Account by such withdrawal will be 
made up out of the Revenue of the System or ULID Assessments within one year, after making necessary provisions for 
payments required to cover amounts needed to meet the first four conditions of the “Flow of Funds” above. 
 
Future Parity Bonds 
 
As long as any of Parity Bonds remain outstanding, the City covenants that it will not issue any Future Parity Bonds except that 
the City reserves the right to issue additional water and waste water system revenue bonds, which shall constitute a charge and  
lien upon the Revenue of the System equal to the lien thereon o f the Bonds.  Except as provided below, the City shall not issu e 
any series of Future Parity Bonds or incur any additional indebtedness with a parity lien or charge on Net Revenues unless: 
 
(i) the City will not have been in default of its Rate Covenant for  the immediately preceding fiscal year, without 
regard to transfers from the Coverage Stabilization Account;  
 
 
7 
(ii) the ordinance authorizing the issuance of such Future Parity Bo nds shall include the Rate Covenant outlined 
above; and 
(iii) there will have been filed a certificate prepared by the Chief Financial Officer of the City or a Consultant 
demonstrating fulfillment of the Parity Requirement, commencing with the first full fiscal year following the 
date on which any portion of interest on the series of Future P arity Bonds then being issued no longer will be 
paid from the proceeds of such series of Future Parity Bonds. 
 
The certificate described above shall not be required as a condition to the issuance of Future Parity Bonds if:  
 
(i) Future Parity Bonds being issued are for the purpose of refundi ng outstanding Parity Bonds  as long as the 
final maturity is not extended and the Annual Debt Service in any year does not increase by more than 
$5,000; or 
(ii) Future Parity Bonds are being issued to pay costs of constructi on of facilities of the System for which Future 
Parity Bonds have been issued previously and the principal amou nt being issued does not exceed an amount 
equal to an aggregate of 15% of the principal amount of Future Parity Bonds issued for such facilities and 
reasonably allocable to the facilities to be completed as shown in a written certificate of the CFO, and there is 
delivered a City Representative’ s certificate stating that the nature and purpose of such facilities has not 
materially changed.  
 
Certificate of the City Without A Consultant.  If a certificate is required, a certificate may be delivered by the City (executed by 
the Chief Financial Officer) without a Consultant if Net Revenu es for the Base Period (confirmed by an audit) conclusively 
demonstrate that the Parity Requirement will be fulfilled commencing with the first full fiscal year following the date on which 
any portion of interest on the series of Future Parity Bonds th en being issued will not be paid from the proceeds of such seri es 
of Future Parity Bonds. 
 
Certificate of a Consultant .  Compliance with the Parity Requirement will be demonstrated conclusively by a certificate of a 
Consultant, if such certificate is required. 
 
In making the computations of Net Revenues for the purpose of c ertifying compliance with the Parity Requirement, the 
Consultant shall use as a basis the Net Revenues (which may be based upon unaudited financial statements of the City if the 
audit has not yet been completed) for the Base Period.  Such Net Revenues shall be determined by adding the following: 
 
(i) The historical net revenue o f the City for the Base Period being issued as determined by a Consultant. 
(ii) The net revenue derived from those customers of the City t hat have become customers during such 12-month 
period or thereafter and prior to the date of such certificate,  adjusted to reflect a full year’s net revenue from 
each such customer to the extent such net revenue was not included in (i) above. 
(iii) The estimated annual net revenue to be derived from any p erson, firm, association, private or municipal 
corporation under any executed co ntract for service, which net revenue was not included in any of the 
sources of net revenue described in this subsection. 
(iv) The estimated annual net revenue to be derived from the op eration of any additions or improvements to or 
extensions of the City under construction but not completed at the time of such certificate and not being paid 
for out of the proceeds of sale of such Future Parity Bonds bei ng issued, and which net revenue is not 
otherwise included in any of the sources of net revenue described in this subsection. 
(v) The estimated annual net revenue to be derived from the ope ration of any additions and improvements to or 
extensions of the City being paid for out of the proceeds of sale of such Future Parity Bonds being issued. 
 
In the event the City will not derive any revenue as a result of the construction of the additions, improvements or extensions  
being made to the System, the estimated normal Costs of Maintenance and Operation (excluding any transfer of money to other 
funds of the City and license fees, taxes and payments in lieu of taxes payable to the City) of such additions, improvements and 
extensions will be deducted from estimated annual Net Revenue. 
 
The words “historical net revenue” or “net revenue” as used in this subsection shall mean the Revenue or any part or parts 
thereof less the normal expenses of maintenance and operation o f the System or any part or parts thereof, but before 
depreciation. 
 
Junior Lien Obligations.  Nothing in the Ordinance prevents the City from issuing revenue bonds or other obligations that are a 
charge upon the Revenue of the System junior or inferior to the  payments to be made out of such Revenue into the Revenue  
 
 
8 
Bond Fund to pay and secure the payment of any outstanding Pari ty Bonds.  Nothing in the Ordinance prevents the City from 
issuing revenue bonds to refund maturing Parity Bonds for the payment of which money is not otherwise available. 
 
Additional Covenants  
 
Maintenance and Operation.  The City shall at all times maintain, preserve and keep the properties of the System in good 
repair, working order and condition and make all necessary and proper repairs, renewals, replacements, extensions and 
betterments thereto, so that at all times the business will be properly and advantageously conducted, and the City will, at al l 
times, operate or cause to be operated said properties of the S ystem and the business in connection therewith in an efficient 
manner and at a reasonable cost. 
 
Maintain Revenue Fund Balance .  After making or providing for the payments from the Revenue Fund as required, the City 
will maintain in the Revenue Fund sufficient money to enable th e City to meet the Costs of Maintenance and Operation of the 
System on a current basis. 
 
Sale or Disposition of the System.  The City will not sell or otherwise dispose of the System in  its entirety unless provision is 
made for the payment into the Revenue Bond Fund of cash or Gove rnment Obligations sufficient together with interest to be 
earned thereon to pay the principal of and interest on the then  outstanding Parity Bonds, nor will it sell or otherwise dispos e of 
any part of the useful operating properties of the System unles s such facilities are replaced or provision is made for payment 
into the Revenue Bond Fund of the greatest of the following: 
 
(i) An amount which will be in the same proportion to the net amount of Parity Bonds then outstanding (defined 
as the amount of the Parity Bonds less the amount of cash and i nvestments in the Reve nue Bond Fund) that 
the Revenue from the portion of the System sold or disposed of for the preceding year bears to the total 
Revenue for such period; or 
(ii) An amount which will be in the same proportion to the net amoun t of Parity Bonds then outstanding that the 
Net Revenue from the portion of the System sold or disposed of for the preceding year bears to the total Net 
Revenue for such period; or  
(iii) An amount which will be in the same proportion to the net  amount of Parity Bonds then outstanding that the 
depreciated cost value of the facilities sold or disposed of be ars to the depreciated cost value of the entire 
System immediately prior to such sale or disposition. 
 
The proceeds of any such sale or disposition of a portion of th e properties of the System will be paid into the Revenue Bond 
Fund.   
 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this subsection, the City may sell or otherwise dispose of any of the works, plant, 
properties and facilities of the System or any real or personal  property comprising a part of the same which shall have become  
unserviceable, inadequate, obsolete or unfit to be used in the operation of the System, or no longer necessary, material to or  
useful in such operation, without making any deposit into the Revenue Bond Fund.   
 
Liens or Encumbrances.  The City will not create or permit to exist any lien or othe r encumbrance or indebtedness upon the 
System or the Revenue of the System, or any part thereof, prior  or superior to the lien thereon for the payment of the Parity 
Bonds, and will pay and discharge any and all lawful claims for  labor, materials or supplies which, if unpaid, might become a 
lien or charge upon the Revenue of the System, or any part ther eof, or upon any funds in the hands of the City, prior to or 
superior to the lien of the Parity Bonds, or which might impair the security of the Parity Bonds.   
 
Insurance.  The City will keep the works, plants and facilities comprisi ng the System insured, and will carry other insurance, 
with responsible insurers, with policies payable to the City, a gainst risks, accidents or casualties, at least to the extent t hat 
insurance is usually carried by private corporations operating like properties, or will implemen t a self-insurance program wit h 
reserves adequate, in the judgment of the Council, to protect the City and the holders of Parity Bonds against loss.  In the event 
of any loss or damage, the City will promptly repair or replace  the damaged portion of the insured property and apply the 
proceeds of any insurance policy for that purpose; or in the ev ent the City should determine not to repair or reconstruct such  
damaged portion of the properties of the System, the proceeds o f such insurance shall be paid into any Reserve Account to the 
extent that such transfer shall be necessary to make up any def iciency in said Reserve Account and the balance, if any, shall, at 
the option of the City, be used either for repairs, renewals, r eplacements, or capital additions to the System, for the redemption 
of Parity Bonds, or for deposit into the Revenue Bond Fund.   
  
 
 
9 
Books and Accounts.  The City shall keep proper b ooks of account in accordance wi t h a ny  a p pl i c a bl e  r ul e s  a n d r e gul a t i o ns  
prescribed by the State of Washi ngton.  The City shall prepare,  and any owner or holder of Parity Bonds may, upon written 
request, obtain copies of balance sheets and profit and loss st atements showing in reasonable detail the financial condition o f 
the System as of the close of each year, and the income and exp enses of such year, including the amounts paid into the 
Revenue Fund, the Revenue Bond Fund, and into any and all speci al funds or accounts created p ursuant to the provisions of 
this ordinance, and the amounts expended for maintenance, renewals, replacements, and capital additions to the System.   
 
No Free Service.  Unless permitted by law or City policy, the City will not furni sh or supply or permit the furnishing or 
supplying of any commodity, service or facility furnished by or in connection with the operation of the System, free of charge  
to any person, firm or corporation, public or private, so long as any Bonds are outstanding and unpaid.   
 
Additions and Improvements.  The City will not expend any of the revenues derived by it f rom the operation of the System or 
the proceeds of any indebtedness payable from the Revenue of th e System for any extensions, betterments or improvements to 
the System that are not legally required or economically sound,  and that will not properly and advantageously contribute to th e 
conduct of the business of the System in an efficient manner.   
 
Collection and Application of ULID Assessments.  All ULID Assessments shall be paid into the Revenue Bond Fun d and shall 
be used to pay and secure the payment of the principal of and i nterest on the Parity Bonds.  Nothing in this ordinance or this  
section shall be construed to prohibit the City from issuing wa ter, wastewater or water and was tewater system revenue bonds 
junior in lien to the Bonds and pledging as security for their payment assessments levied in any ULID which may have been 
specifically created to pay part of the cost of improvements to  the System for which those junior lien bonds were specifically  
issued.   
 
Collection of Delinquent ULID Assessments.  The City will, on or before April 1 of each calendar year, d etermine all ULID 
Assessments or installments thereof that are delinquent and wil l take all necessary action to enforce payment of such ULID 
Assessments, including real property foreclosure actions pursuant to applicable law, if any, ag ainst the property owners whose 
ULID Assessments are delinquent.   
 
Permitted Investments 
 
Money in the Revenue Bond Fund and the Reserve Account may be i nvested in any legal investment for City funds.  
Investments in the Revenue Bond Fund will mature prior to the d ate such money will be needed for required interest or 
principal payments.  Investments in any Reserve Account will not mature later than the last maturity of the Parity Bonds 
secured by said investments.  Investment earnings allocated to the System by the Spokane Investment Pool will be deposited in 
the Revenue Fund.  See “THE CITY – Authorized Investments” and “– Spokane Investment Pool.”   
 
No Acceleration  
 
Neither a bondowner nor any bondowner’s trustee has the right t o accelerate the payment of debt service on the Bonds upon 
the occurrence of an Event of Default.  
 
Amendatory Ordinances  
 
The City Council may, at any time, pass supplemental or amendat ory ordinances, without consent of holders of Parity Bonds, 
to add covenants or agreements the City will observe, so long a s the covenants do not adversely affect the interests of the 
holders of any Parity Bonds, or to cure any ambiguities, or cure, correct or supplement any defective provision in the 
Ordinance which will not adversely affect the interest of holders of Parity Bonds. 
 
With the consent of the holders of not less than 60% in aggrega te principal amount of Parity Bonds outstanding, the Council 
may pass supplemental ordinances for the purpose of adding prov isions or changing or eliminating any provisions in the 
Ordinance as long as the supplemental ordinances do not: (i) extend the fixed maturity, reduce the rate of interest, amount of  
principal, or premium amount (if any) payable, or extend the ti ming of interest, principal, or premium (if any) beyond the due  
date, without consent of the holder of each bond so affected; o r (ii) reduce the percentage of bondholders required to approve  
any such supplemental ordinance, without the consent of the holders of all of the Parity Bonds then outstanding. 
   
 
 
10 
DEBT SERVICE REQUIREMENTS AND ADDITIONAL BORROWING 
 
The following table shows debt service for the Bonds: 
 
Debt Service Requirements 
Year Principal Interest Debt Service(1) 
2015  $ 5,625,000 $7,887,806  $ 13,512,806 
2016   5,920,000 7,628,528   13,548,528 
2017   6,215,000 7,332,528   13,547,528 
2018   6,530,000 7,021,778   13,551,778 
2019   6,855,000 6,695,278   13,550,278 
2020   7,200,000 6,352,528   13,552,528 
2021   7,555,000 5,992,528   13,547,528 
2022   7,935,000 5,614,778   13,549,778 
2023   8,330,000 5,218,028   13,548,028 
2024   8,750,000 4,801,528   13,551,528 
2025   9,185,000 4,364,028   13,549,028 
2026   9,645,000 3,904,778   13,549,778 
2027   9,935,000 3,615,428   13,550,428 
2028   10,250,000 3,302,475   13,552,475 
2029   10,710,000 2,841,225   13,551,225 
2030   11,190,000 2,359,275   13,549,275 
2031   11,640,000 1,911,675   13,551,675 
2032   12,105,000 1,446,075   13,551,075 
2033   12,590,000 961,875   13,551,875 
2034   13,060,000 
489,750   13,549,750 
Total  $ 181,225,000 $89,741,886  $ 270,966,886 
____________________ 
(1) Totals may not add due to rounding. 
Future Parity Bonds 
 
The City currently does not plan to issue any Future Parity Bonds within the next two years.  
 
Summary of Outstanding Parity Debt 
 
The City currently has no outstanding Parity Bonds.  
 
Subordinate Obligations 
 
The following table outlines the City’s existing subordinate obligations as of October 7, 2014: 
 
City of Spokane  Subordinate System Debt 
Prior Debt - Unrelated to Current Capital Plan 
Amount Contracted
(Not to Exceed) 
Draws as of 
10/7/2014 
Principal Balance 
at 10/7/2014 
Public Works Trust Fund Loans $24,567,855  $21,220,867  $  6,51 1,557  
State Revolving Fund Loans     7,730,209      5,943,510      5,154,721  
Total Loans - Prior Capital Plans $32,298,064  $27,164,377  $11 ,666,278  
Subordinate Debt Related to Current Capital Plan 
State Revolving Fund Loans $33,833,785  $  4,667,105  $  4,667,105  
Total Current Capital Plan Loans $66,131,849  $31,831,482  $16, 333,383  
 
Additionally, the City has been awarded debt from the State Revolving Fund and other State sources of $50,526,810.  The City 
has not drawn on any of these loans. The City may or may not dr aw on any or all of the approved loans.  All of these loans are  
junior to the lien and charge of the Parity Bonds on the Net Revenues.  
 
The City may seek additional subordinate obligations from the State to support the System’s capital program.  
 
 
11 
THE WATER AND WASTEWATER SYSTEM 
 
Overview 
 
The System provides its residential, commercial and industrial customers with water, wastewat er, and stormwater services.  
The City combined these utility services into a single financia l unit in 2013 to support integrated planning for water, 
wastewater, and stormwater needs .  This change has resulted in improved responsiveness, gr eater flexibility to address 
emergent issues, and the opportunity to leverage revenues to in crease capital capacity.  Manag ement of all portions of the 
System is conducted to responsibly protect the water supply of the Spokane Valley-Rathdrum Prairie Aquifer (the “Aquifer”), 
the health of the Spokane River, and the quality of the City’s drinking water.   
 
The System has more than 70,000  customer accounts and employs a pproximately 350 people.  The System has a proposed 
operating budget of $88 million and a capital budget of $102 mi llion for 2015.  Revenues in 2013 totaled $115 million.  (See 
“FINANCIAL INFORMATION – Historical Operating Results”).  The System has comprehensive capital plans that anticipate 
future needs and allow for enhanced prioritization of needed work. 
 
Water System 
 
The City’s water system provides delivery of up to 180 million gallons per day of clean, safe drinking water to its customers.   
The water system service area is closely aligned with the bound aries of the City; serving approximately 99.9% of the residents  
within the City limits.  The other approximately 0.1% of the City’s residents receive water service from Spokane Water District 
No. 3, the boundaries of which overlap the City.  Approximately  93.6% of the City’s water acco unts are inside the City.  The 
remaining accounts are in unincorp orated Spokane County (the “C ounty”) and in the cities of Airway Heights and Spokane 
Valley.  In addition to being the sole source of drinking water, the water system also provides water flow to fight fires and 
protect property.   
 
Water Supply.  The Aquifer is the source of all the drinking water for the approximately 500,000 people in the Spokane-Coeur 
d’Alene metropolitan area.  The Aquifer, which covers 322 squar e miles and has a volume of 10 trillion gallons, reaches 
northeast to the Pend Oreille and Coeur d’Alene Lakes, and wate r flows south under the Rathdrum Prairie, and then west into 
Washington, with the City near the southwest boundary.  As many  as 650 million gallons of water flow from Idaho into 
Washington on a daily basis, providing ample supply.  The Aquif er is replenished by several n earby lakes, precipitation and 
hillside runoff.  Depth of the water supply ranges between 30 and 40 feet below the surface, near the City, to nearly 400 feet in 
northern Idaho.   
 
The quality of the water is currently high.  Many small water systems in the Spokane area that rely on the Aquifer as the source 
of drinking water choose not to chlorinate the water.  Because of the size of its water distribution system, the City does 
chlorinate to ensure safety and respond to any quality concerns .  Still, the quality of the water source allows the City to av oid 
operating expenses faced by com munities that rely on surface wa ter supplies for their drinking water.  The City takes the 
maintenance of the water quality of the Aquifer seriously and s upports initiatives to evaluate the interchange between the 
Aquifer and the Spokane River, p rotect areas around wellheads, and educate its citizens on the importance of disposing of 
wastes properly.  Many aquifers have a protective layer of rock  or clay to prevent the seeping of chemicals and contaminants 
into the water supply; however, the Aquifer does not enjoy such  a protective layer.  In the interest of preserving the quality  of 
the water in the area, an inter-governmental body, the Spokane Aquifer Joint Board, comprised of 21 water purveyors drawing 
water from the Aquifer, including the City, was created.  
 
Water Rights and Agreements.   T h e  C i t y  w a s  g r a n t e d  i t s  w a t e r  r i g h t s  b y  t h e  S t a t e  D e p a r t m e n t  o f  E c o l o g y ,  a n d  t h e  C i t y  i s  
authorized to use its water supply for municipal needs.  The Ci ty has senior rights to the Aquifer’s water supply; water right s 
for specific sites were awarded in 1948, with the year of prior ity dating back to 1907.  The City’s water rights total 147,000  
acre-feet of water per year.  Cur rently, the City uses approxim ately 75,000 acre-feet annually, or about half of its allocatio n.  
The City anticipates its rights will prove sufficient to satisf y the City’s needs for many year s, barring unforeseen growth or  
demand.   
 
The water system provides water for emergency interties with si x adjacent water systems.  The City also has wholesale 
agreements with Fairchild Air Force Base and the City of Airway  Heights.  The City anticipates the possibility of additional 
wholesale water customer agreements with some neighboring jurisdictions in the near term. 
   
 
 
12 
Wastewater and Stormwater System 
 
The City collects, manages, and treats wastewater generated wit hin its service area.  The geography of the City allows for a 
very efficient wastewater collection system: the terrain of the City is essentially bowl-shaped, with downtown and the Spokane  
River at the bottom of the bowl.  The primary wastewater interceptor runs along the river at the lowest point.  The simplicity of 
t h e  C i t y ’ s  g e o g r a p h y  a l l o w s  t h e  w a s t e w a t e r  s y s t e m  t o  b e  p r i m a r ily gravity-driven, enabling the City to deliver the entire 
wastewater flow of the City to a single plant, the Riverside Pa rk Water Reclamation Facility (the “Treatment Plant”) that 
discharges its effluent to the Spokane River.  More than 34 mil lion gallons of wastewater is tr eated daily at the Treatment 
Plant, which is located 3.5 miles northwest of downtown, in Riv erside State Park.  The facility has a maximum daily treatment 
capacity of about 75 million gallons, and the headworks can acc ommodate a peak flow rate of 150 million gallons per day.  
The City provides wastewater ser vices to other areas inside the  County through an interlocal  agreement and also has a 
wholesale agreement with Fairchild Air Force Base to provide wastewater treatment.  Although the County operates its own 
water reclamation facility, it retains up to 10 million gallons  in treatment capacity at the City’s plant and pays for 10/44 ths of 
capital improvements at the Treatment Plant.  
 
The configuration of the wastewater system is energy-efficient; with only one plant and a gravity-fed system, the City’s need to 
pump wastewater around the City is limited, which keeps power u sage low and requires fewer pieces of mechanical equipment 
that need regular maintenance.  The nature of the wastewater sy stem requires the City to be diligent about protecting the 
integrity of the main sewer interceptor to keep the Spokane Riv er safe.  In its current maintenance plan and the plan for the 
future system, the City has taken significant steps to ensure t he long-term viability and protection of the interceptor.  A po rtion 
of the proceeds of the Bonds will be applied toward improvement s and upgrades to the Treatment Plant.  See  “CAPITAL 
PLANNING – Wastewater and Stormwater System Capital Improvements” below.  
 
The City’s stormwater drainage system consists of 300 miles of separated storm sewers and thousands of drywells, swale 
bioinfiltration treatment facilities, and evaporation facilitie s. The City is putting increasing  emphasis on managing stormwat er 
t o  i m p r o v e  t h e  h e a l t h  o f  t h e  S p o k a n e  R i v e r ,  w h e r e  h u n d r e d s  o f  millions of gallons of untreated stormwater is discharged 
annually.  The City has committed to adding stormwater manageme nt on site whenever it works on streets or completes other 
public works projects.  City engineers are considering innovati ve approaches for stormwater man agement in the right of way, 
and the City has adopted a new ordinance that encourages private developers to implement low-impact development techniques 
to manage stormwater more effectively. 
 
CAPITAL PLANNING 
 
The City annually updates and publishes six-year capital plans for the System.  Additionally, in 2013, the City undertook a 
yearlong voluntary comprehensive review of its wastewater manag ement plans to improve water quality in the Spokane River 
and meet Clean Water Act mandates.  The result is one comprehen sive document, the Integrated Clean Water Plan (“ICWP”), 
that prioritizes wastewater and stormwater work with the greatest positive environmental impact.   
 
Integrated Clean Water Plan 
 
Facing significant costs, an aggressive timeline, and a changin g regulatory environment, the City completed the ICWP that 
focuses on improving water quality in the Spokane River.  The C ity used the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency’s 
integrated planning framework as a guide and collaborated with the Washington State Department of Ecology.  
 
The ICWP includes projects which exceed the thresholds of curre nt mandates or regulations and outlines the City’s objectives 
to: (i) achieve a cleaner river faster by prioritizing work wit h the greatest potential to reduce pollution going into the Spo kane 
River—especially phosphorus and other nutrients, heavy metals, and toxins, including polychlorinated biphenyl (“PCB”); (ii) 
implement cost-effective and innovative approaches, using “gree n” technology to achieve maximum environmental and 
operational benefits; and (iii) address critical infrastructure  needs by outlining a streamlined approach to planning the capi tal 
needs for the wastewater and stormwater components of the City’ s utilities.  See “Wastewater an d Stormwater System Capital 
Improvements” for details on the capital projects included in the ICWP.  
 
The integrated approach to infrastructure planning is designed to get enhanced results more quic kly at a more affordable price  
than if the City dealt with its System improvements separately.  Prior to the integration, the City had anticipated capital 
improvement costs to improve the Treatment Plant and to reduce overflows from combined sewers of $450 million.  Using the 
integrated approach allowed the City to streamline projects, re duce its anticipated spending needs to total just over $300 
million and broaden the scope of planned projects.  The ICWP in cludes many projects that currently are not regulated or 
required by mandate, but are beneficial to maintaining the quality of the Spokane River.  
 
 
13 
The City has included an adaptive management approach within the ICWP to ensure it meets regulations and can accommodate 
climate change and future growth in the City.  The approach rem oves stormwater from combined and separated stormwater 
piping as part of street and other public works projects, allow ing the City to capture more stormwater before it enters the 
Spokane River or requires treatment at the Treatment Plant.   
 
Net proceeds of the Bonds will be used to help pay for the following improvements: 
 
Wastewater and Stormwater System Capital Improvements   
 
The City will use proceeds of the Bonds to pay for improvements  identified in its ICWP and for other projects to manage 
wastewater and stormwater. Additionally, smaller projects are p lanned to replace pipes, catch basins, and other basic 
infrastructure needs within these collection and treatment systems.  
 
The ICWP details $311 million in wastewater and stormwater management projects to reduce pollution going into the Spokane 
River, including: 
 
• Construction of a $100 million tertiary wastewater treatment filtration system at the City’s wastewater treatment plant, 
using advanced membrane technology to enable the City to produce class A wastewater.   
• The addition of 11 large underground concrete holding tanks and related piping to control overflows from combined 
sewers during large storms and meet current regulations.  This work is expected to cost approximately $180 million. 
• Completion of two green infrastructure projects, totaling about  $3 million, in two smaller combined sewer basins to 
manage overflows to the Spokane River. 
• Implementation of a $20 million project to manage stormwater fr o m  t h e  C o c h r a n  B a s i n  o n  t h e  C i t y ’ s  N o r t h  S i d e ,  
where the City separated storm s e w e r s  i n  t h e  1 9 8 0 s .   A b o u t  h a l f the volume of the City’s stormwater runoff that 
reaches the Spokane River comes from this single stormwater outfall. 
 
The City also has projects planned for these systems outside the ICWP that are detailed in its Wastewater Six-Year Capital 
Plan, including: 
 
• Addition of a $14 million solids digester at the wastewater tre atment plant to meet requirements for redundancy and 
provide more efficient operations at the facility. This will be the third digester at the facility. 
• Construction of a fifth primary clarifier, totaling about $6.1 million, to add capacity at the treatment plant and improve 
treatment of wastewater during storms.  
 
Water System Capital Improvements   
 
The existing structure of the Wat er System is aging, and many o f the pipes date from pre-World War II.  The City will use 
some of the proceeds of the Bonds to replace and upgrade water mains and make other improvements.  The City has a six-year 
capital plan to identify needed improvements and provide struct ure to the City’s efforts to replace and rehabilitate the exist ing 
infrastructure.  The City also has a Water System Plan, which is updated annually to ensure resources are matched with current 
and anticipated capital needs.  The Water System Plan is used t o define the City’s water service area and to identify and size  
improvements for the water sys tem.  The City will use proceeds of the Bonds to fund a portion of these improvements, which 
total about $35 million over the next 3 years.  A summary of the planned improvements is as follows: 
 
• Improve source well stations and well pumps. 
• Add an additional source well to the City’s distribution system. 
• Replace and add pumps at booster stations to remove aging components and add service capacity. 
• Add storage capacity in selected areas of the system to accommodate growth, provide hydraulic consistency, and offer 
service redundancy. 
• Replace or construct new transmission mains to improve the health of the system and accommodate growth.   
   
 
 
14 
OPERATIONS OF THE WATER AND WASTEWATER SYSTEM 
Water System Operations 
 
The City’s water system has 23 pressure zones with 24 booster s tations, seven source stations, and more than 1,070 miles of 
water main in addition to smaller water lines.  Water storage i s provided by 34 reservoirs and standpipes that have a combined  
capacity of 106 million gallons.   
 
In addition, the Upriver Dam and Hydroelectric Facility on the Spokane River is an asset of the system that generates enough 
power on an annual basis to operate the water distribution syst em.  The dam operates under a Federal Energy Regulation 
Commission license that was issued in 1981 and expires in 2031.   Less than two percent of all System revenue comes from the 
sale of hydroelectric energy.   
 
Water Operating Statistics  
 
 2009  
2010 2011 2012 2013 
Number of connections 72,983 73,199 73,311 73,514 73,879 
Water Revenue  $31,822,251 $31,5 85,996 $33,428,370 $32,805,944  $35,732,176 
Average MGD (1) Consumption 61.4 56.5 56.7 57.6 58.0 
Peak MGD (1) Consumption 126.2 125.6 119.4 119.1 128.2 
___________________ 
(1) MGD = millions of gallons per day. 
Source: City of Spokane. 
 
Largest Customers .  For the fiscal year ending December 31, 2013, the ten larges t water customers, excluding the City, 
generated $829,504, or 2.6 percent of water system revenue in 2 013.  The largest accounts are mostly higher education 
institutions, healthcare facilities, and large apartment buildings.    
 
Wastewater and Stormwater Operations 
 
The City’s wastewater system includes more than 865 miles of wa stewater pipe (including lat erals, mains, and trunks), 
approximately 17,851 manholes and 70,814 customer connections, including 62,310 single-family residences, 4,204 multi-
family connections, with the remaining, 4,300 connections being  commercial/industrial or government/education. The City’s 
wastewater system also includes 28 lift stations.  The City ser ves virtually all connections in the City boundaries, as well a s to 
some outside the City.  Of the total number of accounts, 85.2% are inside the City, and 14.8% are outside the City.  The City’ s 
stormwater drainage system consists of 361 miles of separated s torm sewers and thousands of drywells, swale bioinfiltration 
facilities and evaporation facilities. 
 
Wastewater and stormwater opera tions historically have been com bined at the City.  Operating information and statistics for 
the wastewater and stormwater components of the System are detailed below.  
 
Wastewater and Stormwater Operating Statistics 
 
 2009 
2010 2011 2012 2013 
Number of Accounts 70,428 70,551 70,595 70,639 70,814 
Wastewater & Stormwater Revenues(1)  $58,392,559 $65,297,300 $73,553 ,670 $76,828,892  $79,593,268 
___________________ 
(1) Includes Fairchild Air Force Base and Spokane County revenues. 
Source: City of Spokane. 
 
Largest Customers.  The largest retail wastewater and stormwater customers, excluding the City, by amount billed for the 12-
month period ended December 31, 2013 totaled $3.2 million, and accounted for 4.2% of total 2013 wastewater revenue.  The 
largest customers are mostly large apartment buildings, higher education institutions, and healthcare facilities.   
 
Rates and Billing 
 
Rates charged by the System are not subject to control by any federal or State agency.  Rate ordinances must be approved by an 
affirmative vote of the City Council.  The establishment of rat es is within the exclusive jurisdiction of the City, subject to a  
 
 
15 
requirement of State law that fair and nondiscriminatory rates must be fixed to produce revenue adequate to pay for operation 
and maintenance and to meet all debt service requirements payab le from such revenue.  The City reviews its utility rates at 
least annually.  The City’s goal is to limit rate increases to the cost of inflation, using a 2 5-year average of the consumer price 
index, to maintain affordability.  The average forecasted annual rate increase is currently 2.9%.   
 
The Bond Ordinance requires the City to establish, maintain and  collect rates and charges for all services and facilities 
provided by the System, which will be fair and nondiscriminator y. The City is required to adjust those rates and charges from 
time to time so that the Adjusted Net Revenue in each fiscal ye ar will be at least equal to the Coverage Requirement.  See 
“SECURITY FOR THE BONDS – Rate Covenant.” 
 
System customers receive a single monthly bill from the City that includes charges for the City’s wastewater, water, 
stormwater and solid waste services.  Customers’ bills also include a single line-item charge called Integrated Capital that pays 
for capital improvements in the System.  The Integrated Capital  charges for 2014 are $25.60 per month for residential 
customers within the City limits and $29.33 per month for those  outside the City’s boundaries.  The City applies partial 
payments to the water utility last and has the authority to shut off water for non-payment.   
 
Comparative Rate Schedules.  The following table shows equivalent monthly residential bills for the City’s System and other 
County and Washington city utility systems.  These bills are based on single family residential hookups using a 3/4 inch meter, 
assuming consumption of 1,000 cubic feet of water per month at summer rates, where applicable.  
 
Comparative Monthly Water, Wastewater and Stormwater Charges
(1)  
 
Spokane County Cities Other Washington Cities 
Liberty Lake  $  48.74 Vancouver (2) $ 61.68  
Cheney 50.32 Tacoma (2)(4) 1 0 1 . 7 2   
Medical Lake 54.80 Seattle (2)(4)(6) 186.99  
Spokane (Inside City)(3)  75.41   
Airway Heights 98.30   
Spokane (Outside City)(5) 1 1 1 . 6 5    
___________________  
(1) Single family residential rate b ased on 1,000 cubic feet of con sumption per month; summer rates where applicable.  Stormwater rates 
are included. 
(2) Assumes 7 ccf wastewater usage.  
(3) Includes an integrated capital fee of $25.60 per customer and a flat stormwater fee of $3.84 per account. Includes utility taxes. 
(4) Assumes 7,000 square foot single-family residence. 
(5) Includes an integrated capital fee of $29.33 per customer.  Sto rmwater service is not offered to  customers outside the City; n o 
stormwater fee is included.  Includes utility taxes. 
(6) Stormwater is billed on an annual basis. For comparison purposes, the annual charge is shown as a monthly charge. 
Source:  Rate schedules for City of Spokane, City of Airway Heights, City of Cheney, Liberty Lake Sewer and Water District, City of Medical 
Lake, City of Seattle, City of Tacoma, and City of Vancouver. 
 
Each year, the City collects more than 99 percent of the billed  amounts for its utilities.  Additional controls and collection  
policies are being implemented to continue this trend and ensur e the success of future collections.  The City offers a budget 
billing option to make it easier for customers to plan for thei r bills and operates an emergency financial assistance program to 
aid low-income customers. 
 
The Utilities Division Director, or such authorized representative as he or she may designate, is authorized to make adjustments 
or corrections to billings for any charge for water or wastewat er service, including but not limited to connection charges, 
minimum monthly billings, meter charges, penalty and special ch arges, improperly charged rates, and, subject to the City 
Council’s approval, the cancellation of uncollectible bills and accounts. 
 
History of Water and Wastewater Rate Changes.  The following table shows annual utility rate changes from 2 009 to 2014 for 
water, wastewater and stormwater.  The changes applied to base charges, consumption charges, and capital charges.  
   
 
 
16 
Average Utility Rate Yearly Change 
 
  
Water 
Wastewater & 
Stormwater 
Year % Change % Change 
2014 2.90% 2.90% 
2013 3.50 3.50 
2012 4.50 13.70 
2011 3.75 15.00 
2010 3.75 15.00 
2009 3.40 3.50 
___________________
  
Source: City of Spokane. 
 
Water Rate Schedules.  The City adopted rate increases for the water system effective January 1, 2014, as shown below.  The 
monthly bill for each customer includes a base charge and a wat er consumption charge.  The City  has two base rate charges: 
one for customers within the City limits, and another for customers outside the City limits.   
 
Water Base Charge (Monthly) 
  
 Inside City 
Outside City 
Residence (per unit) $14.50 $21.76 
Commercial  
(based on meter size) 
  
 ≤ 1.0” 19.85  29.77 
 1 . 5 ”  29.56 44.33 
 2 . 0 ”  40.02 60.02 
 3 . 0 ”  61.41 92.12 
 4 . 0 ”  82.89 124.32 
 6 . 0 ”  115.38 173.06 
 8 . 0 ”  231.72 347.58 
 1 0 . 0 ”  336.33 504.49 
____________________ 
Source: City of Spokane. 
 
In addition to the base charge, each customer is charged the following rate, based on cubic feet of water consumed per month:  
 
Monthly Water Consumption Charge – Tiered Rate for Residential and Commercial Users 
 
 Residential Commercial(1) 
Consumption  Inside City Outside City Inside City Outside City 
0-600 cf $0.2769 $0.4154 $0.2872 $0.4308 
600-1000 cf 0.5858 0.8789 0.5961 0.8943 
1000-4500 cf 0.7881 1.1822 0.8623 1.2936 
>4500 cf 1.0118 1.5179   
___________________ 
(1) For commercial consumption, all usage is charged at the highest applicable rate.  
Source: City of Spokane. 
 
Wastewater Rate Schedule.  The City’s current wastewater rate schedule became effective  on January 1, 2014, and is shown in 
the following table.  The wastewater rates for residential, inc luding multi-family, are based on a fixed monthly base charge.  
Wastewater rates for commercial customers include a fixed base rate and a volume charge based on water consumption.   
   
 
 
17 
Wastewater Rate Schedule (Monthly) 
 Inside City Outside City 
Single-family residences (base) $27.27 $54.55 
Duplexes, apartments, condominiums, and other 
multi-unit residences: cost for first unit 
27.27 54.55 
    Cost for each additional unit 26.55 53.10 
Commercial customers   
Fixed Rate: 27.27 54.55 
    Volume Charge per 100 cf of metered water 
consumption 
1.44 2.88 
___________________ 
Source: City of Spokane. 
 
Stormwater Rate Schedules.  The City’s current stormwater rate schedule became effective on January 1, 2014, and is shown in 
the following table.  The City’s e xpectation is to keep increas es in the stormwater charges proportionate with the water and 
wastewater rate increases, at 2.9 percent annually. The stormwa ter component of a System customer bill is a flat rate per 
account for residential, and a flat rate plus a charge per incr ement of impervious acre for commercial customers, as shown 
below.   
 
Residential  
Single-family residential  $3.84 
Charge per unit for four units or less 3.29 
Charge per unit for over four units 2.63 
  
Commercial  
Commercial Stormwater Charge(1) $3.84 
Charge per 1/100 impervious acre, per month 0.7721 
___________________ 
(1) Minimum charge includes first 0.0497 acre of impervious surface. 
Source: City of Spokane. 
 
General Facilities Charges.  For new customers, the City imposes general facility charges (“ GFC’s”) for water and 
wastewater.  The GFC is a utility rate surcharge assessed at th e time of connection or service upgrade; its purpose is to defr ay 
costs created by new system demand.  The current GFCs for a res idential customer are $1,232 for water and $2,400 for 
wastewater.  For commercial customers, the current GFCs for wat er range from $1,232 for pipes with diameters less than one 
inch to $9,857 for pipes of four inches.  In the last five year s, GFCs have accounted for less than 1.53% of total System 
operating revenues.   
 
City Tax on the System.  The City levies a municipal utility tax of 20% on the gross receipts of the System, as allowed in RCW 
35.22.280.  The rate is set and approved by the City Council an d is found in Spokane Municipal Code 08.10.030.  The tax is 
legally levied on the utility, not the customer, and must be pa id for from utility revenues.  I n accordance with the Ordinance , 
the City tax is payable subordinate to the debt service on the Bonds and any Future Parity Bonds. 
 
Compliance with State and Federal Environmental Water Quality Laws and Regulations 
 
The System is subject to regula tion under several federal laws and regulations, including the Clean Water Act and the Safe 
Drinking Water Act.  Applicable S tate regulations also include the State Environmental Policy Act (SEPA) and state water 
quality standards. The City’s management of the System also must be consistent with its comprehensive plan, which is required 
pursuant to the Growth Management Act and various other State regulations. 
 
Drinking Water System.  The City’s water system currently meets or exceeds all State an d federal regulations governing the 
safety of its drinking water.  The City is in compliance with all water quality regulations, including monitoring requirements .  
The City performs more than 2,000 tests annually on its water to ensure quality for its customers.   
 
Additionally, the City must meet water conservation goals as pa rt of State and federal requirements.  In 2014, the City Counci l 
approved revised Water Use Efficiency goals.  The City is working to reduce indoor residential usage by 0.5 percent annually 
as well as outdoor use by residents, commercial customers, and government customers by 2 percent annually.  
 
 
18 
 
The City has implemented a number of strategies to reduce its d istribution system leakage (“DS L”) to attain compliance with 
the State standard.  The State r equires water systems to achiev e a DSL of no more than 10 percent on a three-year rolling 
average.  The DSL for the City’s water system for 2013 was 17.9%.  
 
The City updates its Water System Plan in compliance with the requirements of Washington State Department of Health.  The 
plan provides detailed information on the City’s water system, operations, and future plans.  It also details the City’s water  
service areas.  The limit of expansion for the City’s water sys tem is determined by the Spokane County Coordinated Water 
System Plan.   
 
Wastewater System.  The City’s wastewater system, including the Treatment Facility,  combined sewer overflow (“CSO”), and 
commercial pre-treatment program, operates under National Pollu tant Discharge Elimination System ("NPDES”) permit—
issued in July 2011—granted by the Washington State Department of Ecology (“Ecology”).   
 
In June 2014, the City received a Wastewater Treatment Plant Ou tstanding Performance Award from Ecology; the award 
recognizes facilities that achieve full compliance with their o perational permits.  The City’s plant passed all environmental 
tests, analyzed all required samples, and completed all necessary reporting.   
Among other things, the permit requires significant capital construction in the next few years to: 
 
(i) Control CSOs by the end of 2017. 
( i i )  A d d  t e r t i a r y  t r e a t m e n t  ( a l s o  k n o w n  a s  N e x t  L e v e l  o f  T r e a t ment) at the Treatment Facility and achieve effluent 
standards by March 2021. 
 
A Spokane River Total Maximum Daily Load (“TDML”) addressing di ssolved oxygen levels also necessitates this work.  In 
2014, the City received approval  from Ecology for its updated C SO control plan and its Next Level of Treatment Engineering 
Report/Wastewater Facilities Plan Amendment No. 3 to address these requirements.   
 
As a discharger to the Spokane River, the City also is required by Ecology to participate in the Spokane River Regional Toxics  
Task Force, a collaborative group  of governmental agencies, pri vate industries, and environmental organizations that is 
working to identify and reduce toxics in the River.  In particu lar, the Task Force must demonstrate “measurable progress” 
toward achieving water quality standards for PCBs and other toxics.  
 
Current work by the State to adopt new fish consumption standar ds and address in-stream flows in the Spokane River also will 
impact water quality standards that the City must address. 
 
Stormwater System.  The City operates its stormwater system under its updated and renewed municipal stormwater permit, 
which took effect on August 1, 2014.  The permit authorizes the discharge of stormwater to surface and ground waters from the 
City’s stormwater drainage system.   
 
The permit is part of the NPDES Eastern Washington Phase II Mun icipal Stormwater Permit and is administered by Ecology.  
Regulatory authority for managing this permit was given to Ecol ogy from the federal government.  The City is in compliance 
with the requirements of its permit. 
 
The permit requires the City to develop and annually update a S tormwater Management Program (“SWMP”) which details the 
actions and activities to be implemented by the City in order t o reduce the discharge of pollutants.  The SWMP includes 
measures related to public educa tion and outreach; public invol vement; illicit discharge detection and elimination; controllin g 
runoff from new development, redevelopment and construction sites; pollution prevention and operation and maintenance for 
municipal operations; and monitoring.  The Permit lists specifi c actions and methods that the City must implement through the 
SWMP.  The City updates the SWMP annually as required by the Permit. 
 
The updated permit has several new requirements, including enha nced operations and maintenance, performance of 
effectiveness studies, and allowing low impact development for stormwater management.  
 
Low-impact development is an eme rging practice that mimics nature’s management of stormwater.  It emphasizes site 
conservation and uses natural landscaping features to filter an d retain stormwater close to where it falls.  The City passed a n 
ordinance allowing for these techniques in 2013.  The ordinance  provides for reduced stormwater fees for commercial 
customers that install certain low-impact development facilities. 
  
 
 
19 
Endangered Species Act .  In planning future projects, the City evaluates the construc tion and operation of the facilities to 
determine if there will be any impact on endangered species thr ough the use of site evaluations, special environmental studies , 
and preparation of SEPA checklists  or environmental impact stat ements.  Alternatives are developed to minimize or avoid 
impacts on endangered species.  Best management practices are e mployed during routine operation and maintenance activities 
to minimize impacts on the environment. 
 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
The following are financial dat a for the System, including hist orical operating results with debt service coverage, projection s 
for the years 2014-2016, and balance sheets for the years 2009 through 2013. 
 
Historical Operating Results 
 
The following table shows historical operating results for the System for the years 2009 through 2013, and is based on 
consolidated audited financial statements for the System.  The historical results have been adj usted to exclude depreciation, 
grants for capital projects, and other non-cash revenues and expenses to show the balance available for debt service.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[The remainder of this page intentionally left blank.] 
 
   
 
 
20 
Water and Wastewater System 
Historical Operating Results (000)(1) 
Audited Fiscal Year  
2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 
Operating Revenues 
Charges for goods and services    $ 90,123    $  96,741   $ 106 ,602   $ 109,225   $ 115,126  
Other operating revenues    92    143    379     410    199  
Total Operating Revenues   $ 90,215   $  96,884   $ 106,981   $ 109,635   $ 115,325  
Operating Expenses 
Operations(2)  $ 25,755   $   26,461   $ 27,823   $ 29,801   $ 23,208  
Maintenance    17,222     17,258     18,030     17,322    17,368  
Administration(3)    5,237     5,091     5,434     5,870     9,572  
Depreciation    14,782     14,868     15, 435     16,980     19,015  
Taxes    21,287     22,330     25,251     26,073     26,362  
Total Operating Expenses  $   84,282   $   86,008   $ 91,972   $ 96,045   $ 95,524  
     
Operating Income  $ 5,932   $   10,875   $ 15,010   $ 13,590   $ 19,801  
Non-Operating Revenues & Expenses  
Interest income  $  685   $  347   $  261   $  379   $ 176  
Net increase (decrease) in fair value of 
investments 
   (252)    159     (62)    385    (743) 
Gain (loss) on disposition of fixed assets    53     (2,621)    67     445     320  
Interest expense    (193)    (153)    (151)    (146)    (127) 
Net revenues (expenses) from 
contract work 
               21    (185)   (125)    31    (232) 
LID losses and engineering expenses            (949)        (1, 059)   (852)   (317)   (608) 
Rent and lease income              543             573    642    662    586  
Other non-operating revenue                46               94    1,676    3,621    72  
Total Non-Operating Revenues  $  (46)  $  (2,845)   $ 1,457   $  5,060   $  (556) 
      
Income (loss) before contributions and 
transfers 
 $  5,886   $  8,030    $ 16, 467   $  18,650   $  19,245  
      
Capital contributions    7,437     5,927     6,677     7,486     5,419  
Net transfers    (124)    166     (324)    12     (20) 
Change in Net Position  $  13,199   $  14,123   $  22,820   $  26,148   $  24,644  
      
Debt Service Calculation Adjustments      
Income (loss) before contribution and 
transfers 
 $  5,886   $  8,030   $  16,467   $  18,650   $  19,245  
Plus: County capital contributions    1,882     2,907     2,946     2,396     2,069  
Plus: General facilities charges    1,430     1,384     1,364     1,542     1,874  
Plus: Depreciation expense    14,782     14,868     15, 435     16,980     19,015  
Plus: City utility tax expense    19,098     19,662     22, 269     23,063     23,439  
Less: Net increase (decrease) in fair value of 
investments 
   252     (159)    62     (385)    743  
Less: Gain (loss) on disposition of fixed 
assets 
   (53)    2,621     (67)    (445)    (320) 
Plus: Interest Expense    193     153     151     146     127  
Balance Available for Debt Service  $  43,470   $  49,465   $  58,626   $  61,946   $  66,191  
__________ 
(1) Prior to 2013, the Water and Wastewater Funds were separate fun ds and were audited accordingly. For purposes of comparison, 
financial information for these funds has been combined for the years 2009-2012. 
(2) The $6.5 million decrease in Operations expenses from 2012 to 2 013 was due to: (1) $3.7 million reduction in expenses that wer e 
recorded as Operations in 2012 and Administration in 2013; (2) $1.0 million reduction in the allocation of salaries/benefits expenses; (3) 
$0.7 million reduction in interfund expenses; and (4) $0.5 million reduction in general expenses. 
(3) The $3.7 million increase in Administration expenses from 2012 to 2013 was due to: (1) $2.0 million increase in expenses relat ed to the 
hydro dam that were recorded as Operations in 2012 and Administ ration in 2013; and (2) $1.7 million in interfund information 
technology, engineering, and fleet costs that were recorded as Operations in 2012 and Administration in 2013. 
Source: City of Spokane.   
 
 
21 
Water and Wastewater System 
Historical Comparative Statement of Net Position (000)(1)(2) 
 
Audited Fiscal Year  
2009 (3) 2010 2011 2012 2013 
Current Assets 
Cash and deposits  $    18,028   $  24,861   $   32,429   $       7,643   $        6,327  
Equity in Pooled Investments        61,065       48,697        45,418          71,799           78,341  
Accounts and Interest Receivable         9,094       10,254        10,601          11,475           12,611  
Due from Other Funds            358            600             651               935                935  
Interfund Loan Receivable           104             245               781                910  
Due from Other Governments         5,030         5,101          5,043            9,926             6,542  
Inventory         2,470         2,518          2,496            2,457             2,435  
Total Current Assets       96,045       92,135        96,883        105,016         108,101  
Noncurrent Assets 
Land       11,601         6,790          8,535            8,647              8,691  
Property, plant & equipment     237,871     249,703      253,94 4        272,770         289,363  
Infrastructure     359,326     387,468      445,759        458, 121         453,533  
Construction in Progress       43 ,856       41,803        51,17 0          51,889           54,028  
less: accumulated depreciation    (208,881)   ( 223,036)    (250 ,081)     (265,540)      (282,343) 
Other Noncurrent Assets         1,179         3,083          3,903            4,102           10,019  
Total Noncurrent assets     444,952     465,811      513,230        529,989         533,291  
Total Assets  $  540,997   $557,946   $ 610,113   $   635,005   $    641,392   
Current Liabilities 
Accounts Payable  $     2,883   $     4,756   $     6,011   $       4,548   $        5,105  
Compensated absences            108              94             125               143                158  
Due to other funds         3,274         4,690          4,715            4,432             5,054  
Due to other governments         1,358         1,488          1 ,430            4,476             1,383  
Accrued interest payable              75              65               70                 73                  50  
Other current liabilities            710            568             596               664                745  
Other accrued liabilities            774            593             750               646                575  
Total Current Liabilities         9,182       12,254        13,697          14,982           13,070  
Noncurrent Liabilities 
Due to Other Governments       11,766       11,556        10,23 9            9,804             8,920  
Unearned Revenue         1,058            913             681                  -                    -    
Compensated Absence         1,909         1,894          1,927            3,165             2,953  
Total Noncurrent Liabilities       14,733       14,363        12,847          12,970           11,873  
Total Liabilities $    23,915   $  26,617   $   26,544   $     27,952   $      24 ,943  
Net Assets 
Net Investments in Capital Assets  $    430,599  $ 449,852  $ 4 97,835   $   522,524   $    513,207  
Unrestricted          86,482       81,476       85,735          84,531         103,242  
Total Net Assets  $    517,081  $ 531,328  $ 583,570   $   607,055   $    616,44 8  
___________________  
(1) Prior to 2013, the water and wastewater utilities were accounted for separately; however, the results have been combined for the years 
2009-2012.  
(2) Totals may not foot due to rounding. 
(3) Cash and deposits include $690,000 of restricted customer deposits, and Other Current Liabilities includes $710,000 payable from 
restricted assets.  
Source: City of Spokane. 
   
 
 
22 
Projected Operating Results 
 
The following table shows projected operating results for the S ystem for the years 2014 through 2016, with adjustments to 
show the balance available for debt service and debt service coverage.  The projections show annual rate increases of 2.90% for 
2015 and 2016.  Expenses for operations, maintenance and admini stration and taxes are assumed to increase as 2.90% in 2015 
and 2016.   
 
These projections also include ot her assumptions related to fut ure events and operations of the System.  To the extent future 
events differ from assumptions, the actual results will differ from these forecasts.  
Projected (000) 
2014 (1) 2015 2016 
Operating Revenues 
Charges for goods and services (2)   $       117,759   $    121,174   $      124,688  
Revenue Adjustment (3)                    -                (500)            (1,000) 
Other operating revenues                   204                210                  216  
Total Operating Revenues  $       117,963   $    120,884   $      123,904  
Operating Expenses 
Operations (4)  $         27,565   $      27,823   $        28,601  
Maintenance             19,880           20, 073             20, 655  
Administration             10,956           11,062             11,383  
Taxes             26,500   $      27,269             28,059  
Total Operating Expenses  $         84,901   $      86,227   $        88,698  
Operating Income  $         33,062   $      34,657   $        35,206  
Non-Operating Revenues & Expenses 
Interest income  $              180   $           525   $             525  
Interest expense                 (145)              (147)                (151) 
Net revenues (expenses) from contract work                 (346 )              (336)                (346) 
LID losses and engineering expenses                 (696)              (703)                (723) 
Rent and lease income                  600                617                  635  
Other non-operating revenue                    74                  76                    78  
Total Non-Operating Revenues (Expenses)  $             (333)  $             32   $               18  
Income (loss) before contributions and 
transfers  $         32,729   $      34,689             35,224  
Debt Service Calculation Adjustments 
Income (loss) before contribution and 
transfers  $         32,729   $      34,689   $        35,224  
Plus: County capital contributions (5)               2,000             2,000               2,000  
Plus: General facilities charges                1,500             1,500               1,500  
Plus: City utility tax expense             23,585           24, 269             24,973  
Plus: Interest Expense                  145                147                  151  
Balance Available for Debt Service  $         59,959   $      62,605   $        63,848  
Debt Service on the Bonds                     -     $      13,513   $        13,549  
Balance Available for Other Purposes  $         59,959   $      49,092   $        50,299  
Debt Service Coverage N/A 4.63x 4.71x 
__________ 
(1) Based on actual results-to-date for 2014, the City expects to exceed the estimated Net Revenues shown for 2014. 
(2) Includes assumed rate increases of 2.90% in 2015 and 2016, which have not yet been formally adopted by the City Council. 
(3) Reflects a rate adjustment under consideration by the City to be phased in over three years for customers with the lowest indo or water 
usage and for multi-family residences. 
(4) Includes a planned approximately  $1 million annua l lease paymen t to the City Parks Department f or use of parks property by the  
System. 
(5) County contributions are available to pay debt service on the B onds.  The amount shown represen ts an estimated long-term average 
annual capital contribution.  In 2014 through 2016, the City expects County capital contributions will be higher than shown.   
Source: City of Spokane.   
 
 
23 
THE CITY 
 
The City was incorporated in 1881, and operates under State law as a first-class city with a mayor–council form of government.  
The City provides the full range of municipal services authorized by State law. 
 
City Management and Staff 
 
The City is served by a full-time mayor and seven part-time cou ncil members, led by a Council President who is elected at 
large, and six council members,  two each from the City’s three Council Districts.  These positions are non-partisan, and all 
serve four-year terms.  The current mayor and council members are: 
  
Member Position Term Expires 
David A. Condon Mayor  December 31, 2015 
Ben Stuckart Council Pr esident December 31, 2015 
Mike Allen Council Me mber December 31, 2015 
Mike Fagan Council Member December 31, 2015 
Candace Mumm Council Member December 31, 2017 
Jon Snyder Council Me mber December 31, 2017 
Karen Stratton Council Member Upon Certification of the 
November 2015 Election 
Amber Waldref Council Member December 31, 2017 
   
Theresa Sanders, City Administrator.  Ms. Sanders holds the City’s highest appointed position.  She serves as the City’s chief 
operating officer and has held this position since January 2012. Previously, Ms. Sanders served as the Executive Vice President 
of the Spokane Area Economic Dev elopment Council, as Interim At hletic Director for the Spokane Club, and as Economic 
Development Division Director for the City.  Earlier, she spent  12 years with Microsoft Corp, serving in a variety of position s 
from Senior Product Manager to Business Development Manager to International Marketing Manager.  
 
Gavin Cooley, Chief Financial Officer.  Mr. Cooley has been the City’s Chief Financial Officer (CFO) since 2003. Previously, 
h e  w a s  t h e  C F O  a t  N o r t h  C o a s t  L i f e  f o r  1 3  y e a r s ,  a n d  a l s o  w a s  CFO for R.J. Martin Mortgage Co.  Earlier, he was with 
Coopers & Lybrand in Spokane and Price Waterhouse in Seattle.  
 
Rick Romero, Utilities Division Director.  Mr. Romero has been the Utilities Division Director since June 2012; prior to that, 
he served as the City’s Internal Auditor, beginning in 2008.  B efore joining the City, Mr. Romero worked for Eastern 
Washington University (“EWU”) for 28 years, serving as the Asso ciate Vice President for Business Services for the last 10 
years of his career at EWU.  He holds master’s and bachelor’s degrees in business administration from EWU.  
 
Pamela Dolan, Accounting Director.  Ms. Dolan has been the City’s Accounting Director since 2005.  She also serves as the 
acting City Treasurer.  Ms. Dolan has worked in the City’s Acco unting Department since 1994. Previously, she worked in 
public accounting, in the private sector, and at Washington Sta te University.  She holds a bachelor’s degree in business 
administration with a public accounting major from Gonzaga University. 
 
Labor Relations 
 
The City currently employs 1,932 full-time and 663 part-time/se asonal employees.  The majority of City employees who are 
eligible under State law to be represented by a labor organizat ion are employed under provisions of negotiated contracts with 
eight bargaining units, listed below.  The City strives to comp lete agreements with all groups in a timely manner, consistent 
with all applicable State law and to promote labor relation policies mutually beneficial to management and employees.   
   
 
 
24 
Bargaining Unit Number of Em ployees Contract Expiration 
Local 270, American Federation of 
State,  County & Municipal 
Employees (AFSCME) 
1,213 December 31, 2015 
Spokane Managerial & Professional 
Association 
258 December 31, 2014 
Local 29, International Association 
of Firefighters (IAFF) 
272 December 31, 2015 
Spokane Association of Fire 
Officers 
13 December 31, 2015 
Spokane Police Guild 269 December 31, 2016 
Police Lieutenants & Captains 
Association 
21 December 31, 2016 
Spokane City Prosecutors 
Association 
9 December 31, 2015 
Local 270-Library 64 December 31, 2015 
___________________
  
Source: City of Spokane. 
 
Pension Funding 
 
The City’s employees participate in one of four retirement and pension plans: 
 
Spokane Employees’ Retirement System. All permanent employees of the City are eligible to belong to t he Spokane 
Employees’ Retirement System (“SERS”), with the exception of po lice and firefighters who are members of the State Law 
Enforcement Officers and Firefighters Retirement System (“LEOFF ”).  SERS is a single-employer defined pension plan 
covering employees of the City.   SERS is a separate legal entit y from the City, but the City is financially accountable for 
SERS.  At December 31, 2013, there were 1,180 retirees and bene ficiaries receiving benefits; 98 vested terminated employees 
entitled to future benefits; and 1,422 active members of SERS.  Currently, member contributions are 8.25% of basic 
compensation, with the City matching the employee contribution.   Contributions from employees and the City totaled $13.4 
million in 2013.  At December 31, 2013, 68.7% of the System’s A ctuarial Accrued Liability (“AAL”) was funded and 31.3% 
($119.4 million) was unfunded.  A summary of funding details for SERS is below:  
 
SERS Funding Status ($000) 
 
2011 2012 2013 
Actuarial value of plan assets $241,611 $241,425 $261,605 
Actuarial accrued liability (AAL) 351,318 364,716 381,039 
Unfunded actuarial accrued liability (UAAL) 109,70 7 123,291 119 ,434 
Funded ratio 68.80% 66.20% 68.70% 
Covered Payroll 90,264 89,105 87,337 
UAAL as a % of covered payroll 121.50% 138.40% 136.80% 
Annual Pension Cost (APC) 10,337 8,734 8,687 
Percent of APC contributed 65.80% 79.40% 77.30% 
Net Pension Obligation $ 17,525 $ 19,322 $ 21,293 
___________________  
Source: City of Spokane. 
 
Spokane Firefighters’ Pension Fund and Police Relief and Pension Fund.  The Spokane Firefighters’ Pension Fund and Police 
Relief and Pension Fund (the “Funds”) are single-employer defin ed pension funds established and administered by the City.  
The Funds provide retirement benefits to all firefighters and u niformed police who were hired  prior to the creation of LEOFF 
on March 1, 1970.  The Funds also provide limited benefits to t hose who were hired after that date and up to September 20, 
1977 and are mainly covered by LEOFF.  Firefighters and uniformed police hired after October 1, 1977, are not covered by the 
Funds.  The major sources of funding for the Firefighters’ Pens ion Fund are property tax collections, investment earnings, and  
the State fire insurance premium tax.  The Police Relief and Pe nsion Fund is funded primarily by local retail sales and use ta x 
collections. At December 31, 2013, 49% of the Spokane Firefighters Pension Fund’s AAL was funded and 51% ($13.2 million) 
was unfunded, and 6% of the Police Relief and Pension Fund’s AAL was funded and 94% ($9.9 million) was unfunded.  
 
 
25 
LEOFF Plans I and II.  LEOFF is a cost-sharing multiple employer retirement system f or police officers and firefighters.  The 
LEOFF system includes two defined benefit pension plans.  Participants joining LEOFF prior to September 30, 1977, are Plan I 
m e m b e r s .   T h o s e  j o i n i n g  t h e r e a f t e r  a r e  e n r o l l e d  i n  P l a n  I I .   R etirement benefits are financed from employee and employer 
contributions, investment earnings and State contributions.  Re tirement benefits in both plans are vested after five years of 
service. The City’s required contribution for the year ended December 31, 2013, was $1,304 for Plan I and $2,740,733 for Plan 
II, and the City made the required contribution. 
 
For additional information, see Appendix C – “2013 AUDITED FINA NCIAL STATEMENTS,” footnote 5, and Required 
Supplementary Information. 
 
Contribution Rates  
Expressed as Percentage of Covered Payroll  
(As of September 1, 2014) 
 
Spokane Employees 
Retirement System LEOFF 
  Plan 1 Plan 2 
Employee 8.25% 0.00% 8.41% 
Employer  8.25% 0.18% 5.23% 
State N/A 0.00% 3.36% 
____________________ 
Source: Washington State Department of Retirement Systems and Office of the State Actuary 
Any unfunded pension benefit obligations could be reflected in future years as higher contribution rates. 
 
History of Employer Contribution Rates, 2009 – 2013 
(showing rates in effect as of September 1) 
 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 
SERS  7.75% 7.75% 7.75% 7.75% 7.75% 
      
LEOFF (1)      
  Plan 1 0.16% 0.16% 0.16% 0.16% 0.18% 
  Plan 2 5.24% 5.24% 5.24% 5.24% 5.23% 
____________________ 
(1) Includes a 0.16% administration fee. 
Source: Washington State Department of Retirement Systems, Office of the State Actuary, and the City 
 
Actuarial reports (which are not incorporated into this Officia l Statement by reference) for the Spokane Employees Retirement 
System (SERS) include information regarding the values and fund ing levels of the plan.  Reports may be obtained by 
contacting the City of Spokane Retirement Department, City Hall , 808 W. Spokane Falls Blvd, Suite 604, Spokane, 
Washington, 99201, or by calling (509) 625-6330. As of the Dece mber 31, 2013, actuarial valuation, the Spokane Employees 
Retirement System has an unfunded actuarial accrued liability o f $119.4 million.  Key assumptions used by the Actuary in 
calculating the unfunded liability include: an actuarial cost m ethod of entry age normal; a 7.50% annual rate of investment 
return; annual general salary in creases of 0% to 10% for employ ees; and 3.00% annual increases in the Consumer Price Index 
(Urban Wage Earners & Clerical Workers, Seattle-Tacoma-Bremerto n, WA – All Items). Additional detail is available in the 
actuarial reports. 
 
The State Actuary’s website (which is not incorporated into thi s Official Statement by reference) includes information 
regarding the values and funding  levels of the LEOFF retirement  plans. As of the June 30, 2011, actuarial valuation by the 
Office of the State Actuary, LEOFF (Plans 1 and 2) has no unfun ded actuarial accrued liability.  Key assumptions used by the 
State Actuary in calculating the unfunded liability include: an  annual growth in membership of 1.25% for LEOFF; a 7.90% 
annual rate of investment return; annual general salary increases of 3.75% for LEOFF employees; and 3.00% annual increases 
in the Consumer Price Index (Urb an Wage Earners & Clerical Workers, Seattle-Tacoma-Bremerton, WA – All Items). 
Additional detail is available on the State Actuary’s website. 
   
 
 
26 
Other Post-Employment Benefits 
 
In addition to pensions, many St ate and local governmental employers provide other post-employment benefits (“OPEB”) as a 
part of total compensation to attract and retain the services o f qualified employees.  OPEB includes post-employment health 
care as well as other forms of post-employment benefits when pr ovided separately from a pension plan.  The Governmental 
Accounting Standards Board (“GASB”) standard provides for the m easurement, recognition and display of OPEB 
expenses/expenditures, related liabilities (assets), note discl osures, and, if applicable, required supplementary information in 
the financial reports. 
 
The City provides certain medical and disability benefits to retired firefighters and police officers who were hired prior to 1978 
as required by RCW 41.26.150.  Entry into this system is now closed.  
 
The City’s annual OPEB cost (expense) is calculated based on th e annual required contribution of the employer (“ARC”), an 
amount actuarially determined in accordance with the parameters  of GASB 45.  The ARC represents a level of funding that, if 
paid on an ongoing basis, is projected to cover the normal cost each year and to amortize any unfunded actuarial liabilities over 
a period of 30 years.  The following table shows the components of the City’s annual OPEB cost for 2013, the amount actually 
contributed to the plan, and changes in the City’s net OPEB costs for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2013.   
 
Annual Required Contribution and Net OPEB Obligation Calculations 
 
 Fiscal Year 
Ending 
12/31/2013 
Fiscal Year  
Ending 
12/31/2012 
Fiscal Year 
Ending 
12/31/2011 
Determination of Annual Required Contribution:    
Normal Cost, beginning of year $    137,581  $    343,984 $     343,984 
Amortization of Unfunded Actuarial Accrued Liability 
(UAAL) 
7,362,222 10,122,116 10,122,116 
Interest for year 257,464 466,799 466,799 
Annual Required Contribution  7,757,267 10,932,899 10,932,899 
Determination of Net OPEB Obligation:    
Annual Required Contribution  7,757,267 10,932,899 10,932,899 
Interest on prior year Net OPEB Obligation 315,814 307,201 187, 987 
Adjustment to ARC (603,495) (472,298) (282,737) 
Annual OPEB Cost 7,469,586 10,767,802 10,838,149 
Contributions made 5,873,115 7,909,826 7,868,673 
Increase in Net OPEB Obligation 1,596,471 2,857,976 2,969,476 
Net OPEB Obligation-beginning of year 10,527,125 7,669,149 4,699,673 
Net OPEB Obligation-end of year $12,123,596 $10,527,125 $ 7,699,149 
 
 
The City’s annual OPEB cost, the percentage of OPEB cost contri buted to the plan, and the net OPEB obligation for the past 
three years were as follows: 
 
Fiscal Year End 
Annual  
OPEB Cost 
% of  
OPEB Cost 
 
Net Obligation 
 
% Funded 
12/31/2013 $ 7,469,586 79% $1,596,471 78.6% 
12/31/2012 $10,767,802 73% $2,857,976 73.5 
12/31/2011 $10,838,149 73% $2,969,476 72.6 
___________________  
Source: City of Spokane. 
 
See Appendix C, footnote 6 for more information on the City’s OPEB obligations.   
   
 
 
27 
Risk Management 
 
The City is self-insured for Unemployment Insurance, Workers’ C ompensation, General Liability, and Medical/Dental 
benefits.  In addition, the City carries Property, Excess Liability and Excess Workers’ Compensation insurance coverage. 
 
For the year ended December 31, 20 13, the estimated claims liab ility was $6,811,000 for th e Risk Management Fund and 
$8,561,000 for the Workers’ Compensation Fund.  The Employee Be nefits Fund reported claims of $18,393,139 for the same 
period. 
 
Accounting Practices 
 
The City’s financial statements are prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”) as applied 
to governmental units and are reg ulated by the State Auditor’s Office.  The accounts of the City are organized on the basis of  
funds, each of which is considered a separate accounting entity .  All governmental funds are accounted for on a spending or 
“financial flow” measurement focus.  This means that generally only current assets and current liabilities are included on the ir 
balance sheets.  Their reported fund balance (net current asset s) is considered a measure of “available spendable resources.”  
Governmental fund operating statements focus on measuring changes in financial position, rather than net income; they present 
increases (revenues and other financing sources) and decreases (expenditures and other financing uses) in net current assets.  
The modified accrual basis of accounting is followed in all governmental funds, expendable trust, and agency funds. 
 
Budgetary Policies 
 
The City budgets its funds in accordance with chapter 35A.33 RCW.  Transfers or revisions within funds are allowed, but only 
the City Council, via ordinance, has the authority to increase or decrease a given fund’s budget.  Annual budgets are adopted at 
the fund level.  Any unexpended appropriations lapse at the end of the fiscal year.  Debt service for limited tax general obligations 
is budgeted within the General Fund. 
Auditing of City Finances 
 
Accounting systems and budgetary controls are prescribed by the  Office of the State Auditor in accordance with 
RCW 43.09.200 and RCW 43.09.230.  State statutes require audits for cities of the City’s size to be conducted by the Office of  
the State Auditor.  The City complies with the systems and cont rols prescribed by the Office of the State Auditor and 
establishes procedures and records which reasonably assure safeguarding of assets and the reliability of financial reporting.   
 
The State Auditor is required to examine the affairs of cities at least once every two years.  The City is audited annually.  The 
examination must include, among other things, the financial con dition and resources of the City, whether the laws and 
constitution of the State are being complied with, and the meth ods and accuracy of the accounts and reports of the City.  
Reports of the auditor’s examinations are required to be filed in the office of the State Auditor and in the finance department of 
the City.  The City’s audited financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2013 are attached as Appendix C.   
 
Authorized Investments 
 
Chapter 39.59 RCW limits the investment of public funds to the following authorized investments: bonds of the State and any 
local government in the State, which bonds are rated at the tim e of investment in one of the three highest credit ratings by a  
nationally recognized rating agency; general obligation bonds o f other states and subdivisions thereof so long as those bonds 
are rated in one of the three highest categories; registered wa rrants of a local government within the same county as the enti ty 
making the investment; and any investment authorized by law for  the treasurer of the State or a ny local government.  Public 
funds may not be invested in cer tificates of deposit of banks o r bank branches not located in the State.  Under chapter 43.84 
RCW, the State Treasurer may inve st in non-negotiable certificates of deposit in designated qualified public depositories; in 
obligations of the U.S. government, its agencies and wholly own ed corporations; in bankers’ acceptances; in commercial 
paper; in repurchase agreements; in the obligations of the fede ral home loan bank, Federal National Mortgage Association and 
other government corporations subject to statutory provisions.  Utility revenue bonds and warrants of any city and bonds or 
warrants of a local improvement district are also eligible investments (RCW 35.39.030). 
 
Spokane Investment Pool 
 
The City Treasurer’s Office admi nisters the Spokane Investment Pool (the “SIP”), an approximately $300 million fund that 
invests money on behalf of all of the various funds of the City .  In its management of the SIP , the Treasurer adheres, at all 
times, to the principles appropriate for the prudent investment  of public funds.  These are, in priority order, (i) the safety of  
 
 
28 
principal; (ii) the assurance of sufficient liquidity to meet c ash flow demands; and (iii) the goal of attaining a sufficient 
benchmark rate of return throughout budgetary and economic cycl es within the constraints of the first two goals.  Historically , 
the SIP has had sufficient liquidity to meet all cash flow demands.  Currently, SIP has duration until maturity of 4.8 years.   
 
The SIP, authorized by Spokane Municipal Code section 07.15.020, is a pool made up of the various funds within the City, and 
provides its participants the opportunity to benefit from the e conomies of scale and professional investment management 
inherent in pooling.  It is also intended to provide the partic ipants the ability to achieve a higher investment yield than wo uld 
otherwise be available if investments were being managed on an individual fund basis.  The SIP is a managed investment 
portfolio that matches maturities of investments to anticipated  cash needs of the City and has an average duration of 
approximately 5.2 years.  Permissible investments include U.S. government and agency securities, Washington State 
Treasurer’s Local Government Investment Pool, certificates of d eposit issued by qualified depositories under State law, 
bankers’ acceptances, repurchase agreements, general obligation  bonds of any state or local government, bonds of the City, 
City bonds or warrants of a local improvement district, which a re within the protection of the local improvement guaranty 
fund, and commercial paper.  
 
As of December 31, 2013, the City’s deposits and investments were as follows: 
 
Deposits  $ $62,237,560 
SIP   205,142,119  
Total  $ 268,379,679 
 
The City’s deposits and investments include the System’s $84,66 7,908 of Cash and Cash Equivalents and equity in pooled 
accounts.   
 
Authorized Investments for Bond Proceeds.  In addition to the eligible investments discussed above, bond proceeds may also be 
invested in mutual funds with portfolios consisting of U.S. gov ernment and guaranteed agency securities with average 
maturities of less than four years; municipal securities rated in one of the four highest categories; and money market funds 
consisting of the same, so long as municipal securities held in the fund(s) are in one of the two highest rating categories.  Bond 
proceeds may also be invested in shares of money market funds w ith portfolios of securities otherwise authorized by law for 
investment by local governments (RCW 39.59.030). 
 
GENERAL AND ECONOMIC INFORMATION 
 
The City is located on the banks o f the Spokane River about 20 miles west of the Idaho border and about 232 miles east of the 
City of Seattle. 
Historical Population 
 
As of April 1, 2014, the City had an estimated population of 21 2,300 and is the second most populous city in the State.  
Historical population statistics for the City, County and the city of Spokane Valley, the second largest city in the County, a re 
shown below. 
 
Historical Population 
Year 
Spokane 
County 
(1) Spokane 
Spokane 
Valley 
2014  484,500   212 ,300        92,050 
2013 480,000 211,300 91,490 
2012 475,600 210,000 90,550 
2011 472,650 209,100 90,110 
2010 471,221 208,916 89,755 
____________________ 
(1) Includes the incorporated cities. 
Source:  Washington State Office of Financial Management. 
 
Economic Overview 
 
The City is the largest city in the County by population and serves as the economic hub and the regional trade center for an area 
commonly known as the “Inland Northwest,” consisting of portion s of eastern Washington, eastern Oregon, northern Idaho, 
western Montana and the southeastern portion of the province of  British Columbia, Canada.  The estimated population of the  
 
 
29 
Inland Northwest is approximately 1.7 million.  The County’s me tropolitan area provides highe r education and research 
opportunities, high quality health care facilities, extensive s upport services for area residents and businesses and a large 
downtown retail and business core.  
 
The City continues to experience a diversification of its econo mic base due to the influx and growth of high-technology firms 
and service industries attracted to the region by the presence of a high-quality work force.  The City has the largest 
concentration of health care facilities in a four-state region and into Canada, with a diversified employment base.  The leadi ng 
employment sectors are wholesale and retail trade, government, educational services and manufacturing.   
 
Transportation. The City and the surrounding area is served by the Spokane Int ernational Airport at Geiger Field.  The City 
is intersected by Interstate 90 (“I-90”), which runs east-west cross-country from Seattle to Boston.  U.S. Routes 2 and 395 
extend north and south, respectively, from I-90.  A multi-lane,  limited access highway, called the North Spokane Corridor, is 
being built in phases by the State.  When completed, the highwa y will connect I-90 to U.S. 2 and 395 north of the City. The 
City has an Amtrak station, with routes going toward Seattle and ultimately Portland, Oregon, to the west and south, and to 
Chicago’s Union Station to the east.  The Spokane Transit Authority provides local bus service.   
 
Central Business District.  Downtown Spokane is a focal point for the Inland Northwest region, serving as its center of finance, 
business, entertainment, retail, culture, recreation, medical s ervices, and education.  More th an 25,000 people, or 13% of the  
County’s workforce, work downtown every weekday.  More than 2,3 00 businesses operate downtown, and about 47% of the 
Spokane metropolitan statistical area (MSA) leasable office inv entory is in downtown.  Since 1999, more than $4 billion has 
been privately and publicly invested in more than 800 construct ion, renovation, development, and infrastructure projects 
downtown.  Currently, construction is under way on a 90,000-squ are-foot, $65 million expansion of the City’s publicly owned 
convention facilities and a new private 720-room, $50 million hotel. 
 
Health Sciences.  The City is a hub for comprehensive health care services, med ical research and education, and development 
of new leading-edge medical products and technology. The health  service industry in the Spokane MSA employs 
approximately 34,000 people, including some 900 physicians, and  serves residents of the Inland Northwest that includes 
eastern Washington, northern Idaho, western Montana, eastern Or egon, and portions of Canada.  In addition to traditional 
medical services, the area’s hospitals provide treatment in the  medical specialty fields of h eart surgery, cancer and kidney 
treatment, radiation, chemotherap y, eye surgery and resonance i maging.  Facilities in the area also specialize in treatment of 
developmentally disabled persons and children with orthopedic c orrection needs.  The Spokane Heart Institute is a fully 
licensed heart transplant and research facility.  The City’s hospitals and medical facilities include Sacred Heart Medical Center, 
Deaconess Medical Center, Empire Health Consolidated Services, Valley Hospital and Medical Center, Deaconess 
Rehabilitation Institute and Family Home Care, 1
st Care Med Centers Hospital, Holy Family Hospital, and Rockwood Clinic.  
 
Educational Facilities.  Facilities for higher education located in the City include S pokane and Spokane Falls community 
colleges, Gonzaga University, Whitworth University, a branch of  Eastern Washington University, a branch of Washington 
State University, and programs of the University of Washington.  All of these schools have a pres ence in the City’s Riverpoint 
Campus in the 770-acre University District, on the east end of downtown. More than 11,000 students attend classes in the 
district, and work is under way to finalize a four-year medical school there. The district also includes business incubation space 
and wet and dry laboratory space, as well as retail services and other businesses.  
 
Manufacturing.  The Spokane MSA has more than 500 manufacturing businesses wh ich employ over 15,000 people.  
Representative industries include aluminum casting, metal produ cts for the semiconductor indu stry, pharmaceutical products 
and other devices for the medical industry, and structural and other metal products.  Additiona lly, the aerospace industry is 
well-represented in the City, with more than 80 manufacturers and 1,500 workers in this sector.   
 
Fairchild Air Force Base.  Fairchild is the largest employer in the County.  The base has an annual economic impact of nearly 
$427 million and is responsible for 7% of the total gross regional product in the Spokane metropolitan statistical area.  Partly as 
a result of the base’s presence, the Spokane MSA is home to some 17,000 military pensioners.  The community is committed to 
protecting the base and its future in Spokane.  In 2014, the co mmunity won the Abilene Trophy, an annual award presented by 
the Abilene, Texas, Chamber of Commerce and the United States A ir Mobility Command to recognize community support for 
its base. This is the third time the Spokane-area community has won this prestigious award.  
   
 
 
30 
Following are economic indicators for the City, the County and the State. 
 
Spokane County and State of Washington 
Personal and Per Capita Income(1) 
 
 Spokane County  State of Washington 
 Personal Per Capita  Personal Per Capita 
Year Income ($000) Income  Income ($000) Income 
2012 $17,912,986 $37,653  $313,212,035 $45,413 
2011 17,027,067 36,536  299,685,263 43,878 
2010 16,329,075 35,220  283,367,864 42,024 
2009 16,131,717 35,186  276,727,871 41,504 
2008 16,569,471 36,069  289,433,693 44,106 
______________________________ 
(1) 2012 reflects the lat est year available. 
Source:  U.S Bureau of Economic Analysis. 
 
Taxable Retail Sales 
 
 Spokane City of 
Year County(1) Spokane 
2013 $7,561,668,826 $4,103,528,002 
2012 7,122,104,043 3,880,296,199 
2011 7,006,378,465 3,630,930,644 
2010
 6,755,693,011 3,674,779,611 
2009 6,834,241,691 3,715,784,226 
______________________________ 
(1) Includes incorporated and unincorporated Spokane County. 
Source:  Washington Department of Revenue. 
 
The major private and public employers in the County are shown on the following table: 
Spokane County Top Ten Employers as of November 1, 2013 
Employer No. of Employees 
92nd Air Refueling Wing, Fairchild Air Force Base 4,392(1) 
State of Washington 4,165(2) 
Providence Health Services (incl. Sacred Heart Medical Center, 
Holy Family Hospital, Providence Health Care) 
3,715 
Spokane Public Schools 3,049 
City of Spokane 1,956 
Spokane County 1,935 
Central Valley School District 1,427 
Wal-Mart Stores 1,393 
URM Stores Inc. 1,332 
Rockwood Clinic PS 1,306 
____________________ 
(1) Includes 1,000 Air National Gu ard personnel and 500 civilians employed at Fairchild Air Force Base and excludes an indetermin ate 
number of Air Force Reserve personnel. 
(2) Headcount.  State figures include  Department of Corrections, D epartment of Transportation, Department of Social and Health Se rvices, 
Department of Veterans Affairs, Employment Security Department and various other departments. 
Source:  Journal of Business 2014 Book of Lists. 
 
   
 
 
31 
Following are employment and economic indicators for the County. 
Labor Force and Employment Data (1) 
Spokane MSA 
 Sept. Annual Average 
Spokane County 2014 (2) 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 
Civilian Labor Force 220,590 225,190 229,700 229,380 234,860 23 7,790 
Employment 207,920 207,450 209,900 207,950 211,670 215,910 
Unemployment 12,670 17,730 19,800 21,430 23,180 21,890 
Unemployment Rate 5.7% 7.9% 8.6% 9.3% 9.9% 9.2% 
 
Washington State       
Civilian Labor Force 3,479,250 3,461,120 3,484,730 3,473,090 3,515,190 3,523,510 
Employment 3,291,590 3,218,410 3,203,430 3,153,910 3,166,680 3, 194,260 
Unemployment 187,660 242,710 281,300 319,180 348,510 329,250 
Unemployment Rate 5.4% 7.0% 8.1% 9.2% 9.9% 9.3% 
____________________ 
(1) Not seasonally adjusted.  
(2) Preliminary. 
Source: Washington State Department of Employment Security. 
Nonagricultural Wage and Salary Employment (Not Seasonally Adjusted) 
Spokane MSA (in 000s) 
 Sept. Annual Averages 
NAICS Industry Title 2014 (1) 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 
Mining, Logging, and Construction 11.3 10.0 9.6 9.4 9.8 11.6 
Manufacturing 15.8 15.2 15.0 14.8 14.5 15.2 
Trade, Transportation and Utilities 42.3 42.1 41.1 40.4 40.4 41 .2 
Information 2.9 2.9 2.9 2.8 2.8 2.8 
Financial Activities 13.4 12.9 12.6 12.3 12.1 12.4 
Professional and Business Services 23.3 23.3 22.8 21.9 21.1 21. 2 
Education and Health Services 46.2 44.5 43.7 43.9 44.0 43.6 
Leisure and Hospitality 20.5 19.4 19.0 18.9 18.7 19.2 
Other Services 9.2 9.1 9.2 9.2 9.1 9.2 
Government 33.5 
35.1 35.1 35.4 35.9 36.0 
Total Nonfarm (2) 218.4 214.6 211.1 208.9 208.4 212.4 
____________________ 
(1) Preliminary.   
(2) Totals may not add due to rounding. 
Source:  Washington State Employment Security Department, Labor Market and Economic Analysis Branch. 
 
Economic Indices – Spokane County 
  County Building Permits 
  New Construction 
Year 
Median Household 
Income 
Number of 
Permits 
Value of 
Permits 
2013 $49,373(1) 1,207 $383,571,225 
2012 48,265(2) 910 290,278,950  
2011 46,846 799 256,857,476  
2010 46,320 986 238,025,492  
2009 46,983 863 205,540,978  
____________________ 
(1) Estimate. 
(2) Preliminary estimate. 
Sources:  U.S. Bureau of Economic Analysis and Washington State Office of Financial Management. 
  
   
 
 
32 
CERTAIN INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
Initiatives and Referendum 
 
Under the State Constitution, the voters of the State have the ability to initiate legislation and require the State Legislatu re to 
refer legislation to the voters through the powers of initiativ e and referendum, respectively.  The initiative power in the Sta te 
may not be used to amend the State Constitution. Initiatives and referenda are submitted to the voters upon receipt of a petit ion 
signed by at least 8% (initiatives) and 4% (referenda) of the n umber of voters registered and voting for the office of Governo r 
at the preceding regular gubernatorial election. Any law approv e d  i n  t h i s  m a n n e r  b y  a  m a j o r i t y  o f  t h e  v o t e r s  m a y  n o t  b e  
amended or repealed by the State Legislature within a period of  two years following enactment, except by a vote of two-thirds 
of all the members elected to each house of the State Legislature. After two years, the law is subject to amendment or repeal by 
the State Legislature in the same manner as other laws. 
 
In recent years there has been an increase in the number of ini tiatives and referenda filed in the State, including initiative s 
affecting the powers of local jurisdictions. The City cannot pr edict whether this trend will continue, whether any filed 
initiatives will receive the requisite signatures to be certifi ed to the ballot, whether such initiatives will be approved by the 
voters or, if challenged, upheld by the courts, or whether the subject or effect of any such meas ure would be relevant to the 
owners of the Bonds. 
 
Local Initiative and Referendum. The City has adopted the powers of initiative and referendum for the qualified electors of the 
City as provided under RCW 35A.11.080 through 35A.11.100. Referendum powers are not applicable to: ordinances initiated 
by petition; ordinances necessary  for immediate preservation of  public peace, health, and safety or for the support of City 
government and its existing public institutions which contain a  statement of urgency and are passed by unanimous vote of the 
Council; ordinances providing for local improvement districts; ordinances appropriating money; ordinances providing for or 
approving collective bargaining; ordinances providing for the c ompensation of or working conditions of City employees; and 
ordinances authorizing or repealing the levy of taxes. From tim e to time, voters may submit petitions for initiatives and 
referenda within the City. The City cannot predict when, or if,  any such measures would be filed or what the subject or effect  
of any such potential measure may be. 
Limitations on Remedies 
 
Any remedies available to the owners of the Bonds upon the occurrence of an event of default under the Bond Ordinance are in 
many respects dependent upon judicial actions, which are in tur n often subject to discretion and delay and could be both 
expensive and time consuming to obtain. If the City fails to co mply with its covenants under the Bond Ordinance or to pay 
principal of or interest on the Bonds, there can be no assurance that available remedies will be adequate to fully protect the  
interests of the owners of the Bonds. In addition to the limitations on remedies contained in the Bond Ordinance, the rights and 
obligations under the Bonds and the Bond Ordinance may be limit ed by and are subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, 
reorganization, fraudulent conveyance, moratorium, and other la ws relating to or affecting creditors’ rights, to the applicati on 
of equitable principles, and to the exercise of judicial discretion in appropriate cases.  
 
A municipality such as the City must be specifically authorized  under State law in order to seek relief under Chapter 9 of the  
U.S. Bankruptcy Code (the “Bankr uptcy Code”). A creditor, howev er, cannot bring an involuntarily bankruptcy proceeding 
against a municipality, including the City. The federal bankrup tcy courts have broad discretionary powers under the 
Bankruptcy Code. Chapter 39.64 RCW, entitled the “Taxing Distri ct Relief Act,” permits any “taxing district” (defined to 
include cities) to voluntarily petition for relief under the Bankruptcy Code. 
 
The legal opinion of Bond Counsel regarding the validity of the  Bonds will be qualified by reference to bankruptcy, 
reorganization, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, moratorium a nd other similar laws affecting the rights of creditors 
generally, and by general principles of equity. 
 
LITIGATION CONCERNING THE BONDS AND THE CITY 
 
There is no litigation of any kind now pending or, to the knowl edge of the City, threatened to restrain or enjoin the issuance or 
delivery of the Bonds or in any  manner questioning the proceedi ngs and authority under which the Bonds are issued or 
affecting the ability of the City to pay the principal of or the interest on the Bonds. 
 
   
 
 
33 
TAX MATTERS 
 
In the opinion of Bond Counsel, interest on the Bonds is exclud able from gross income for federal income tax purposes and is 
not an item of tax preference for purposes of the federal alter native minimum tax imposed on individuals and corporations; 
however, interest on the Bonds is taken into account in determi ning adjusted current earnings for the purpose of computing the  
alternative minimum tax imposed on certain corporations.   
 
Federal income tax law contains a number of requirements that a pply to the Bonds, including investment restrictions, periodic 
payments of arbitrage profits to the United States, requirement s regarding the use of proceeds of the Bonds and the facilities  
financed with proceeds of the Bonds and certain other matters.  The City has covenanted to comply with all applicable 
requirements. 
 
Bond Counsel’s opinion is subject to the condition that the Cit y comply with the above-referenced covenants and, in addition, 
will rely on representations by the City and its advisors with respect to matters solely within the knowledge of the City and its 
advisors, respectively, which Bond Counsel has not independently verified.  If the City fails to comply with such covenants or  
if the foregoing representations are determined to be inaccurate or incomplete, interest on the Bonds could be included in gross 
income for federal income tax purposes retroactively to the dat e of issuance of the Bonds, regardless of the date on which the  
event causing taxability occurs.   
 
Except as expressly stated above, Bond Counsel expresses no opi nion regarding any other federal or state income tax 
consequences of acquiring, carrying, owning or disposing of the Bonds.  Owners of the Bonds should consult their tax advisors 
regarding the applicability of any collateral tax consequences of owning the Bonds, which may i nclude tax issues associated 
with original issue discount, original issue premium, purchase at a market discount or at a premium, taxation upon sale, 
redemption or other disposition, and various withholding requirements. 
 
Prospective purchasers of the Bonds should be aware that owners hip of the Bonds may result in collateral federal income tax 
consequences to certain taxpayers, including, without limitation, financial institutions, property and casualty insurance 
companies, individual recipients  of Social Security or Railroad  Retirement benefits, certain S corporations with “excess net 
passive income,” foreign corporations subject to the branch pro fits tax, life insurance compan ies and taxpayers who may be 
deemed to have incurred or continued indebtedness to purchase o r carry or have paid or incurred certain expenses allocable to 
the Bonds.  Bond Counsel expresses no opinion regarding any col lateral tax consequences.  Prospective purchasers of the 
Bonds should consult their tax advisors regarding collateral federal income tax consequences. 
 
Payments of interest on tax-exempt obligations, such as the Bon ds, are in many cases required to be reported to the Internal 
Revenue Service (the “IRS”).  Additionally, backup withholding may apply to any such payments made to any owner who is 
not an “exempt recipient” and who fails to provide certain iden tifying information.  Individuals generally are not exempt 
recipients, whereas corporations and certain other entities generally are exempt recipients. 
 
Bond Counsel gives no assurance that any future legislation or clarifications or amendments to the Code, if enacted into law, 
will not cause the interest on the Bonds to be subject, directl y or indirectly, to federal income taxation.  From time to time , 
legislation is proposed that, if enacted, could alter the feder al income tax consequences described herein or otherwise preven t 
owners of the Bonds from realizing the full current benefit of the tax status of the interest on the Bonds.  For example, both  
President Obama and the Chair of the House Ways and Means Commi ttee have recently proposed legislation that effectively 
would impose federal income tax on a portion of otherwise tax-exempt interest for certain higher income taxpayers.  Bond 
Counsel makes no prediction as to the likelihood of any portion  of either of these proposals being enacted.  Prospective 
purchasers of the Bonds should consult their own tax advisors r egarding any pending or proposed federal legislation, as to 
which Bond Counsel expresses no view. 
 
Bond Counsel’s opinion is not a guarantee of result and is not binding on the IRS; rather, the opinion represents Bond 
Counsel’s legal judgment based on its review of existing law an d in reliance on the representations made to Bond Counsel and 
the City’s compliance with its covenants.  The IRS has established an ongoing program to audit tax-exempt obligations to 
determine whether interest on such obligations is includable in  gross income for federal income tax purposes.  Bond Counsel 
cannot predict whether the IRS will commence an audit of the Bo nds.  Owners of the Bonds are advised that, if the IRS does 
audit the Bonds, under current IRS procedures, at least during the early stages of an audit, the IRS will treat the City as th e 
taxpayer, and the owners of the Bonds may have limited rights t o participate in the audit.  The commencement of an audit 
could adversely affect the market value and liquidity of the Bo nds until the audit is concluded, regardless of the ultimate 
outcome. 
   
 
 
34 
Premium 
 
An amount equal to the excess of the purchase price of a Bond over its stated redemption price at maturity constitutes premium 
on that Bond.  A purchaser of a Bond must amortize any premium over that Bond’s term using constant yield principles, based 
on the Bond’s yield to maturity.  As premium is amortized, the purchaser’s basis in the Bond and the amount of tax-exempt 
interest received will be reduced by the amount of amortizable premium properly allocable to the purchaser.  This will result in 
an increase in the gain (or decrease in the loss) to be recogni zed for federal income tax purposes on sale or disposition of t he 
Bond prior to its maturity.  Even though the purchaser’s basis is reduced, no federal incom e tax deduction is allowed.  
Purchasers of Bonds at a premium, whether at the time of initia l issuance or subsequent thereto, should consult their tax 
advisors with respect to the determination and treatment of premium for federal income tax purposes and the state and local tax 
consequences of owning such Bonds. 
 
Qualified Tax-Exempt Obligations 
 
The Bonds are not designated as “qualified tax-exempt obligations” within the meaning of Section 265(b)(3)(B) of the Code. 
 
RATINGS 
 
Moody’s Investors Service Inc., New York, New York (“Moody’s”) and Standard and Poor’s Ratings Service, a division of the 
McGraw Hill Cos., New York, New Yo rk (“Standard and Poor’s”) ha ve assigned their municipal bond ratings of “Aa2” and 
“AA,” respectively, to the Bonds.  Each rating reflects only the views of the applicable rating organization and an interpretation 
of such rating may be obtained only from the rating agency furn ishing the same.  There is no assurance that such ratings will 
continue for any given period of time or that it will not be re vised downward or withdrawn entirely by the rating agencies if, in 
the judgment of such agencies, circumstances so warrant.  Any such revision or withdrawal of such rating may have an adverse 
effect on the market price of the Bonds. 
 
UNDERWRITING AND LEGAL 
 
Approval of Bond Counsel 
 
Legal matters incident to the authorization, issuance and sale of the Bonds by the City are subject to the approving legal 
opinion of K&L Gates LLP, Spokane, Washington, Bond Counsel.  T he form of the opinion of Bond Counsel with respect to 
the Bonds is attached as Appendix B.  The opinion of Bond Couns el is given based on factual representations made to Bond 
Counsel, and under existing law, as of the date of initial deli very of the Bonds, and Bond Counsel assumes no obligation to 
revise or supplement its opinion to reflect any facts or circum stances that may thereafter come to its attention, or any chang es 
in law that may thereafter occur.  The opinion of Bond Counsel is an expression of its professional judgment on the matters 
expressly addressed in its opinion and does not constitute a gu arantee of result.  Bond Counsel will be compensated only upon 
the issuance and sale of the Bonds. 
 
Financial Advisor 
 
A. Dashen & Associates has served as financial advisor to the C ity relative to the preparation of the Bonds for sale, timing o f 
the sale and other factors relating to the Bonds.  The financial advisor has not audited, authenticated or otherwise verified the 
information set forth in this Official Statement or other infor mation provided relative to the Bonds.  A. Dashen & Associates 
makes no guaranty, warranty or other representation on any matt er related to the informati on contained in the Official 
Statement.  The financial advisor is an independent financial a dvisory firm and is not engaged in the business of underwriting , 
marketing, trading or distributing municipal securities. 
 
Underwriting 
 
The Bonds are being purchased by Citigroup Global Markets Inc. (the “Underwriter”) at a price of $200,354,966.85.  The 
Bonds will be re-offered at a price of $200,936,699.10.  The Un derwriter may offer and sell the Bonds to certain dealers 
(including dealers depositing Bonds into investment trusts) and others at prices lower than the initial offering prices set forth on 
the cover hereof, and such initial offering prices may be changed from time to time, by the Underwriter.  After the initial public 
offering, the public offering prices may be varied from time to time. 
   
 
 
35 
Conflicts of Interest 
 
All or a portion of the fees of the Financial Advisor and Bond Counsel are contingent upon the issuance and sale of the Bonds.   
None of the members of the City Council or other officers of the City has any conflict of interest in the issuance of the Bond s 
that is prohibited by applicable law. 
 
CONTINUING DISCLOSURE 
 
To meet the requirements of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) Rule 15c2-12(b)(5) (“Rule 15c2-
12”), as applicable to a participating underwriter for the Bond s, the City will make the following written undertaking (the 
“Undertaking”) for the benefit of holders of the Bonds: 
 
1. Undertaking to Provide Annual Financial Information and Notice o f  L i s t e d  E v e n t s .   T h e  C i t y  h a s  u n d e r t a k e n  t o   
provide or cause to be provided, either directly or through a designated agent, to the MSRB, in an electronic format as 
prescribed by the MSRB, accompanied by identifying information as prescribed by the MSRB: 
 
a. Annual financial information and operating data of the type inc luded in the final official statement for the 
Bonds (“Annual Financial Information”) as described below. 
 
b. Timely notice (not in excess of 10 business days after the occu rrence of the event) of the occurrence of any 
of the following events with respect to the Bonds:  (1) principal and interest payment delinquencies; (2) non-
payment related defaults, if material; (3) unscheduled draws on  debt service reserves reflecting financial 
difficulties; (4) unscheduled draws on credit enhancements reflecting financial difficulties; (5) substitution of 
credit or liquidity providers, or their failure to perform; (6)  adverse tax opinions, the issuance by the Internal 
Revenue Service of proposed or final determinations of taxabili ty, Notice of Proposed Issue (IRS Form 5701 
– TEB) or other material notices or determinations with respect  to the tax status of the Bonds; (7) 
modifications to rights of holders of the Bonds, if material; ( 8) Optional, contingent or unscheduled Bond 
calls other than scheduled sinking fund redemptions for which n otice is given pursuant to Exchange Act 
Release 34-23856, if material, a nd tender offers; (9) defeasanc es; (10) release, substitution, or sale of 
property securing repayment of the Bonds, if material; (11) rat ing changes; (12) bankruptcy, insolvency, 
receivership or similar event of  the City, as such “Bankruptcy Events” are defined by the Rule; (13) the 
consummation of a merger, consolidation, or acquisition involvi ng the City or the sale of all or substantially 
all of the assets of the City other than in the ordinary course of business, the entry into a definitive agreement 
to undertake such an action or the termination of a definitive agreement relating to any such actions, other 
than pursuant to its terms, if material; and (14) appointment of a successor or additional trustee or the change 
of name of a trustee, if material.  
  
c. Timely notice of a failure by the City to provide required annu al financial information on or before the date 
specified below. 
 
2. Type of Annual Financial Information Undertaken to be Provided.  In accordance with Section (b)(5) of Securities and 
Exchange Commission Rule 15c2-12 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as the same may be amended from 
time to time (the “Rule”), the C ity hereby agrees and covenants  to provide or cause to be provided the following 
annual financial information and operating data (collectively, the “Annual Financial Information: 
 
(1) Annual financial statements for the System, which statements ma y or may not be audited, prepared in 
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
(2) Information generally of the type included in this Official  Statem ent for  the Bonds under t he hea ding 
“FINANCIAL INFORMATION – Historical Operating Results” and showing debt service coverage; 
(3) The principal amount of Parity Bonds; and 
(4) Number of water and wastew ater customers of the System. 
Items (2) – (4) shall be required only to the extent that such information is not included in the annual financial 
statements provided pursuant to (1). 
Information and data described in items (1) – (4) above will be  provided for each prior fiscal year, commencing with 
the fiscal year ending December 31, 2014, on or before the last day of the ninth month following the end of such prior  
 
 
36 
fiscal year (currently, a fiscal year ending December 31), as s uch fiscal year may be changed as required or permitted 
by State law and may be provided in a single or multiple documents, and may be incorporated by specific reference to 
documents available to the public on the Internet website of the MSRB or filed with the SEC.   
 
A m e n d m e n t  o f  U n d e r t a k i n g .   T h e  U n d e r t a k i n g  i s  s u b j e c t  t o  a m e n d ment after the primary offering of the Bonds 
without the consent of any holder of any Bond, or of any broker , dealer, municipal securities dealer, participating 
underwriter, rating agency or the MSRB, under the circumstances and in the manner permitted by Rule 15c2-12.  The 
City will give notice to the MSRB of the substance (or provide a copy) of any amendment to the Undertaking and a 
brief statement of the reasons for the amendment.  If the amend ment changes the type of annual financial information 
to be provided, the annual financial information containing the  amended financial information will include a narrative 
explanation of the effect of that change on the type of information to be provided. 
 
Beneficiaries.  The Undertaking will inure to the benefit of the City and any Beneficial Owner of Bonds, and shall not 
inure to the benefit of or create any rights in any other person. 
 
Termination of Undertaking.  The City’s obligations under this Undertaking terminate upon the legal defeasance of all 
of the Bonds.  In addition, the City’s obligations under this U ndertaking terminate if those provisions of Rule 15c2-12 
t ha t  r e q ui r e  t h e  C i t y  t o c om pl y  w i t h t hi s  U n de r t a ki n g b e c om e  l egally inapplicable in respect of the Bonds for any 
reason, as confirmed by an opinion of nationally recognized bon d counsel or other counsel familiar with federal 
securities laws delivered to the City, and the City provides timely notice of such termination to the MSRB. 
 
Remedy for Failure to Comply with Undertaking.  As soon as practicable after the City learns of any failure to comply 
with the Undertaking, the City will proceed with due diligence to cause such noncompliance to be corrected.  No 
failure by the City or other obligated person to comply with the Undertaking shall constitute a default in respect of the 
Bonds.  The sole remedy of any Beneficial Owner of a Bond shall  be to take such actions as that Beneficial Owner 
deems necessary, including seeking an order of specific performance from an appropriate court, to compel the City or 
other obligated person to comply with the Undertaking. 
 
Prior Compliance 
On December 22, 2009, Standard and Poor’s changed the rating on the City’s outstanding general obligation bonds from “AA-” to 
“AA.”  The City posted to EMMA a material event notice of the bond rating upgrade on February 19, 2010.  The City has entered 
into prior undertakings under the Rule and believes it is in compliance with its obligations thereunder. 
 
OFFICIAL STATEMENT 
 
Statements in this Official Statement, including matters of opinion whether or not expressly stated, are intended as such and not 
as representations of fact.  This Official Statement is not to be construed as a contract or agreement between the City or the  
Underwriter and the Registered Owners of the Bonds.  The information contained in this Official Statement is presented for the 
guidance of prospective purchasers of the Bonds described herei n.  The information has been compiled from official sources 
and, while not guaranteed by the City, is believed to be correc t.  The preparation and distribution of this Official Statement has 
been authorized by the City. 
 
The City has authorized the execution and delivery of this Official Statement.  
 
 
 
 
APPENDIX A 
 
 
 
THE BOND ORDINANCE 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[This page intentionally left blank.]  “Clean” - Revised Rec’d 10/20/2014 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CITY OF SPOKANE 
WATER AND WASTEWATER SYSTEM REVENUE BONDS, 2014 
 
              
 
 
ORDINANCE NO. C-35170 
 
 
AN ORDINANCE AUTHORIZING THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF 
WATER AND WASTEWATER SYSTEM REVENUE BONDS OF THE 
CITY IN THE PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF NOT TO EXCEED 
$210,000,000 FOR THE PURPOSES OF IMPROVING THE HEALTH 
OF THE SPOKANE RIVER AND PROTECTING THE REGION’S 
AQUIFER BY ACQUIRING, CONSTRUCTING AND INSTALLING 
CERTAIN ADDITIONS AND BETTERMENTS TO THE CITY’S 
WATER AND WASTEWATER SYSTEM; DELEGATING 
AUTHORITY TO THE DESIGNATED REPRESENTATIVE TO 
DETERMINE THE MANNER OF SALE OF THE BONDS, APPROVE 
THE NUMBER OF SERIES, TAX STATUS OF EACH SERIES, AND 
OTHER TERMS OF THE BONDS UNDER THE CONDITIONS SET 
FORTH HEREIN; AND DECLARING AN EMERGENCY. 
 
 
 
Passed:  October 27, 2014 
 
              
 
Prepared by: 
 
K&L GATES LLP 
Spokane, Washington 
 
 
  - i- P:\17035_LDM\17035_0DF 
CITY OF SPOKANE 
ORDINANCE NO. C-35170 
TABLE OF CONTENTS* 
Page 
 
Section 1. Definitions................................................................................................................. 2 
Section 2. Authorization of Projects ........................................................................................ 17 
Section 3. Authorization of Bonds and Bond Details .............................................................. 19 
Section 4. Registration, Exchange and Payments .................................................................... 20 
Section 5. Redemption; Purchase of Bonds ............................................................................. 24 
Section 6. Revenue Fund; Priority of Payments from Revenue Fund;  
 Coverage Stabilization Account ............................................................................. 28 
Section 7. Payments into Revenue Bond Fund ........................................................................ 30 
Section 8. Bond Covenants ...................................................................................................... 34 
Section 9. Issuance of Future Parity Bonds ............................................................................. 38 
Section 10. Tax Covenants ........................................................................................................ 42 
Section 11. Form of Bonds ........................................................................................................ 45 
Section 12. Execution of Bonds ................................................................................................. 47 
Section 13. Defeasance .............................................................................................................. 48 
Section 14. Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Bonds ............................................................................ 49 
Section 15. Delegation of Authority; Sale of Bonds .................................................................. 49 
Section 16. Disposition of Bond Proceeds ................................................................................. 52 
Section 17. Undertaking to Provide Ongoing Disclosure .......................................................... 53 
Section 18. Amendments ........................................................................................................... 54 
Section 19. Severability ............................................................................................................. 55 
Section 20. Effective Date ......................................................................................................... 56 
 
___________________________ 
* This table of contents and the cover page are for convenience  of reference and are not intended 
to be a part of this ordinance. 
  
ORDINANCE NO. C-35170 
 AN ORDINANCE AUTHORIZING THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF 
WATER AND WASTEWATER SYSTEM REVENUE BONDS OF THE 
CITY IN THE PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF NOT TO EXCEED 
$210,000,000 FOR THE PURPOSES OF IMPROVING THE HEALTH 
OF THE SPOKANE RIVER AND PROTECTING THE REGION’S 
AQUIFER BY ACQUIRING, CONSTRUCTING AND INSTALLING 
CERTAIN ADDITIONS AND BETTERMENTS TO THE CITY’S 
WATER AND WASTEWATER SYSTEM; DELEGATING 
AUTHORITY TO THE DESIGNATED REPRESENTATIVE TO 
DETERMINE THE MANNER OF SALE OF THE BONDS, APPROVE 
THE NUMBER OF SERIES, TAX STATUS OF EACH SERIES, AND 
OTHER TERMS OF THE BONDS UNDER THE CONDITIONS SET 
FORTH HEREIN; AND DECLARING AN EMERGENCY. 
 
 
 WHEREAS, the City of Spokane, Washington (the “City”) now owns  and operates a 
combined system of water supply  and distribution and wastewater  treatment and disposal (the 
“System”) which is in need of additions, improvements and betterments; and 
 WHEREAS, the planned additions, improvements and betterments t o the System will 
improve the health of the Spokane River and other surface water  bodies by reducing flows of 
stormwater and wastewater into these water bodies and improve t he quality of the effluent 
discharged from the City’s wastewater treatment plant; and 
 WHEREAS, the Spokane River is one of the regional bodies of wa ter that recharges the 
Spokane-Rathdrum Prairie aquifer (the “Aquifer”) and also receives discharges from the System; 
and  
 WHEREAS, the Aquifer provides the sole source of drinking water for the City and more 
than a half million people in the Spokane region; and 
 WHEREAS, the planned additions, improvements and betterments t o the System will 
protect the Aquifer by protectin g wellhead influence zones, ens uring the integrity of  -2- P:\17035_LDM\17035_0DF 
underground wastewater infrastructure, and employing green infrastructure techniques to treat 
stormwater runoff; and 
 WHEREAS, the City is authorized to issue revenue bonds for the  purpose of paying the 
cost of additions, improvements and betterments to the System; and 
 WHEREAS, to provide funds to pay part of the costs of such imp rovements, it is deemed 
necessary and advisable that the City now issue and sell its water and wastewater system revenue 
bonds (the “Bonds”); and 
 WHEREAS, the City has no outstanding water and wastewater reve nue obligations 
payable from revenues of the System except for Government Loans; and  
 WHEREAS, the City Council wishes to delegate authority to the Designated 
Representative (as hereinafter d efined) to approve the number o f series, the series designation, 
the final principal amounts of the bonds, date of the bonds, ta x status of each series, 
denominations, interest rates, payment dates, redemption provis ions, and maturity dates of the 
Bonds to be determined under such terms and conditions as are approved by this ordinance; 
WHEREAS, the Bonds authorized herein shall be sold pursuant to a competitive or 
negotiated sale as herein provided; 
 NOW, THEREFORE, THE CITY OF SPOKANE, WASHINGTON DOES ORDAIN, a s 
follows: 
 Section 1.  Definitions.  As used in this ordinance the follow ing definitions shall apply 
unless a different meaning clearly appears from the context: 
 Accreted Value  means (1) with respect to any Capital Appreciation Bonds, as o f any date 
of calculation, the sum of the a mount set forth in the ordinanc e authorizing their issuance as the 
amount representing the initial principal amount of such Capita l Appreciation Bonds plus the  -3- P:\17035_LDM\17035_0DF 
interest accumulated, compounded and unpaid thereon as of the m ost recent compounding date, 
or (2) with respect to Original Issue Discount Bonds, as of the  date of calculation, the amount 
representing the initial public offering price of such Original  Issue Discount Bonds plus the 
amount of discounted principal that has accreted since the date  of issue.  For Balloon Maturity 
Bonds, the Accreted Value shall be determined in accordance wit h the provisions of the 
ordinance authorizing the issuance of Balloon Maturity Bonds. 
 Annual Debt Service  means, the sum of (1) the interest accruing on all Parity Bond s 
during any calendar year, assuming that all Parity Bonds are re tired as scheduled, plus (2) the 
principal amount due in that year  (including principal due as s inking fund installment payments) 
allocable to all Parity Bonds then outstanding, minus (3) any f ederal subsidy legally available 
and pledged to pay the principal of or interest on Parity Bonds in the year of calculation.  Annual 
Debt Service shall be net of any principal and/or interest fund ed out of Bond proceeds.  Annual 
Debt Service shall include reimbursement obligations to providers of Credit Facilities to the 
extent authorized by ordinance.   Annual Debt Service shall excl ude the payments required to be 
made with respect to revenue bond anticipation notes to the ext ent that the ordinance authorizing 
their issuance provides that the bond anticipation notes will b e funded with the proceeds of 
Future Parity Bonds. 
 Approved Bid means the winning bid submitted for a series of the Bonds if s uch series is 
sold by Competitive Sale. 
 Balloon Maturity Bonds  means any evidences of indebtedness of the City payable from 
Revenue of the System which are so designated in the ordinance or resolution pursuant to which 
such indebtedness is incurred.    -4- P:\17035_LDM\17035_0DF 
Base Period means any consecutive 12-month period selected by the City out o f  t h e  
36-month period next preceding the date of issuance of an additional series of Future Parity 
Bonds. 
 Beneficial Owner means any person that has or shares the power, directly or ind irectly, 
to make investment decisions concerning ownership of any Bonds of a series (including persons 
holding such Bonds through nominees, depositories or other intermediaries). 
 Bond Purchase Contract  means, if the Bonds of a series  shall be sold by Negotiated 
Sale, the purchase contract relating to such Bonds between the City and the Underwriter 
providing for the purchase of such Bonds by the Underwriter and  setting forth certain terms 
approved by the Designated Representative as provided in Section 15 of this ordinance. 
 Bonds mean the City of Spokane, Washington, Water and Wastewater Sys tem Revenue 
Bonds, 2014 with, if applicable, an appropriate series designation, as authorized herein.  
 Bond Register  means the books or records maintained by the Registrar contain ing the 
name and mailing address of the owner of each Bond or nominee of such owner and the principal 
amount and number of Bonds of a series held by each owner or nominee. 
 Bond Year means each one-year period that ends on the date selected by t he City.  The 
first and last Bond Years may be short periods.  If no day is selected by the City before the 
earlier of the final maturity date of the Bonds of a series or the date that is five years after the 
date of issuance of such Bonds, Bond Years end on each annivers ary of the date of issue and on 
the final maturity date of such Bonds. 
 Capital Appreciation Bonds  means any Future Parity Bonds  all or a portion of the 
interest on which is compounded, accumulated and payable only u pon redemption or on the 
maturity date of such Capital Appreciation Bonds.  If so provid ed in the ordinance authorizing  -5- P:\17035_LDM\17035_0DF 
their issuance, Future Parity Bonds may be deemed to be Capital  Appreciation Bonds for only a 
portion of their term.  On the date on which Future Parity Bonds no longer are Capital 
Appreciation Bonds, they shall be deemed outstanding in a princ ipal amount equal to their 
Accreted Value. 
 Chief Financial Officer  means the duly qualified, appointed and acting Chief Financial 
Officer of the City or any other officer who succeeds to the duties now delegated to that office.  
 City means the City of Spokane, a municipal corporation and first c lass charter city duly 
organized and existing under the laws of the State of Washington and the Charter of the City. 
 Code means the federal Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, a nd applicable 
regulations. 
 Commission means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 Competitive Sale means the process by which the Bonds (or a portion of them) are  sold 
through the public solicitation of bids from underwriting firms. 
 Consultant  means at any time an independent municipal financial consultan t or advisor 
appointed by the City to perform the duties of the Consultant a s required by this ordinance.  For 
the purposes of delivering any certificate required by Section 9 hereof and making the 
calculation required by Section 9 hereof, the term Consultant s hall also include any independent 
public accounting firm or engineer appointed by the City to mak e such calculation or to provide 
such certificate. 
 Continuing Disclosure Agreement  means an agreement entered into by the Chief 
Financial Officer pursuant to S ection 17 of this ordinance in order to permit the purchaser of the 
Bonds of a series to comply with the Rule.  -6- P:\17035_LDM\17035_0DF 
 Costs of Maintenance and Operation  means all necessary operating expenses, current 
maintenance expenses, expenses of reasonable upkeep and repairs , and insurance and 
administrative expense with respect to the System, but excludes  depreciation, payments for debt 
service or into reserve accounts, costs of capital additions to  or replacements of the System, 
municipal taxes, or payments to the City in lieu of taxes. 
 Council means the general legislative body of the City as the same sha ll be duly and 
regularly constituted from time to time. 
 Coverage Stabilization Account  means the account of that name maintained pursuant to 
Section 6(c) of this ordinance. 
 Covered Bonds  means the Bonds of a series and those Future Parity Bonds desi gnated in 
the ordinance authorizing their issuance as Covered Bonds secured by the Reserve Account.  
 Credit Event means when (a) a Qualified Letter of Credit terminates, (b) the  issuer of 
Qualified Insurance or a Qualified Letter of Credit shall becom e insolvent or no longer be in 
existence, or (c) a Qualified Letter of Credit or Qualified Ins urance no longer meets the 
requirements established therefor in the definition thereof. 
Credit Facility  means a policy of municipal bond insurance, a letter of credit , surety 
bond, line of credit, guarantee or other financial instrument o r any combination of the foregoing, 
which obligates a third party to make payment or provide funds for the payment of financial 
obligations of the City.  There may be one or more Credit Facilities outstanding at any time. 
 Debt Service  means, for any period of time, 
 (a) with respect to any outstanding Original Issue Discount Bo nds or Capital 
Appreciation Bonds which are not  designated as Balloon Maturity  Bonds in the ordinance 
authorizing their issuance, the principal amount thereof shall be equal to the Accreted Value  -7- P:\17035_LDM\17035_0DF 
thereof maturing or scheduled for redemption in such period, an d the interest payable during 
such period; 
 (b) with respect to any outstanding Fixed Rate Bonds, an amoun t equal to (1) the 
principal amount of such Fixed Rate Bonds due or subject to mandatory redemption during such 
period and for which no sinking fund installments have been established, (2) the amount of any 
payments required to be made during such period into any sinkin g fund established for the 
payment of any such Fixed Rate Bonds, plus (3) all interest pay able during such period on any 
such outstanding Fixed Rate Bonds and with respect to Fixed Rate Bonds with mandatory 
sinking fund requirements, calculated on the assumption that ma ndatory sinking fund 
installments will be applied to the redemption or retirement of such Fixed Rate Bonds on the date 
specified in the ordinance authorizing such Fixed Rate Bonds; and 
 (c) with respect to all other series of Parity Bonds, other than Fixed Rate Bonds, 
Original Issue Discount Bonds or Capital Appreciation Bonds, sp ecifically including but not 
limited to Balloon Maturity Bonds and Parity Bonds bearing vari able rates of interest, an amount 
for any period equal to the amount which would have been payabl e for principal and interest on 
such Parity Bonds during such period computed on the assumption  that the amount of Parity 
Bonds as of the date of such com putation would be amortized (i)  in accordance with the 
mandatory redemption provisions, if any, set forth in the ordin ance authorizing the issuance of 
such Parity Bonds, or if mandatory redemption provisions are no t provided, during a period 
commencing on the date of computation and ending on a date 30 y ears or less after the date of 
issuance (ii) at an interest rate for the Base Period determine d as follows: (A) if the Variable 
Rate Bonds have been Outstanding for at least twelve (12) month s, assume that the Parity Bonds 
bear interest at the higher of the actual rate borne by the Parity Bonds on the date of calculation  -8- P:\17035_LDM\17035_0DF 
or the average rate borne by th e Parity Bonds over the twelve ( 12) months immediately 
preceding the date of calculation, and (B) if the Parity Bonds have been Outstanding for less than 
twelve (12) months or are not yet Outstanding, assume that the Parity Bonds bear interest at the 
higher of the actual rate borne by the Parity Bonds on the date  of calculation or (X) if interest on 
the Parity Bonds is excludable from gross income under the appl icable provisions of the Code, 
the average rate set forth on the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association Municipal 
Swap Index over the twelve (12) months immediately preceding th e date of calculation, or (Y) if 
interest is not so excludable, the average rate on Federal Securities with maturities comparable to 
the rate reset period (iii) to provide for essentially level an nual debt service of principal and 
interest over such period.   
 Debt Service shall be net of any principal and/or interest fun ded out of Bond proceeds.  
Debt Service shall include reimbursement obligations to providers of Credit Facilities to the 
extent authorized by ordinance.  Debt Service shall exclude the  payments required to be made 
with respect to revenue bond anticipation notes to the extent t hat the ordinance authorizing their 
issuance provides that the bond anticipation notes will be fund e d  w i t h  t h e  p r o c e e d s  o f  F u t u r e  
Parity Bonds. 
 Designated Representative  means the Chief Financial Officer or the Director of the 
Utilities Division. 
 Director of the Utilities Division means the duly qualified, appointed and acting Director 
of the Utilities Division or any other officer who succeeds to the duties now delegated to that 
office.    -9- P:\17035_LDM\17035_0DF 
DTC means The Depository Company, New York, New York, a limited pu rpose trust 
company organized under the laws of the State of New York, as depository for the Bonds of a 
series pursuant to Section 4 hereof. 
 Federal Securities  m e a n s  d i r e c t  o b l i g a t i o n s  o f  ( including obligations issued or held in 
book-entry form on the books of), or obligations the timely pay ment of the principal of and 
interest on which are unconditionally guaranteed by, the United States of America. 
 Fitch  means Fitch, Inc., organized and existing under the laws of th e State of Delaware, 
its successors and their assigns, and, if such organization shall be dissolved or liquidated or shall 
no longer perform the functions of a securities rating agency, Fitch shall be deemed to refer to 
any other nationally recognized securities rating agency (other than S&P or Moody’s) designated 
by the Designated Representative. 
 Fixed Rate Bonds means those Parity Bonds other than Capital Appreciation Bonds , 
Original Issue Discount Bonds or Balloon Maturity Bonds issued under an ordinance in which 
the rate of interest on such Parity Bonds is fixed and determin able through their final maturity or 
for a specified period of time.  If so provided in the proceedings authorizing their issuance, Parity 
Bonds may be deemed to be Fixed Rate Bonds for only a portion of their term.  
 Future Parity Bonds  means any Parity Bonds which the City may hereafter issue. 
 Government Loans  means the PWTF Loans, State Revolving Fund Loans, and other 
subordinate lien revenue loans c urrently outstanding or received by the City in the future from 
the state of Washington or the United States of America. 
 Government Obligations  means those obligations now or hereafter defined as such in 
chapter 39.53 RCW.  -10- P:\17035_LDM\17035_0DF 
 Letter of Representations means the blanket issuer letter of representations from the Ci ty 
to DTC. 
 Maximum Annual Debt Service  means, at the time of calculation, the maximum amount 
of Annual Debt Service in any fiscal year on all outstanding Parity Bonds and/or for all 
subordinate lien evidences of indebtedness secured by Revenue o f the System, as the context 
requires. 
 Moody’s  means Moody’s Investors Service, its successors and their assi gns, and, if such 
corporation shall be dissolved or liquidated or shall no longer  p e r f o r m  t h e  f u n c t i o n s  o f  a  
securities rating agency, Moody’s s h a l l  b e  d e e m e d  t o  r e f e r  t o  any other nationally recognized 
securities rating agency (other than S&P and Fitch) designated by the Designated Representative. 
 MSRB means the Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board. 
 Negotiated Sale  means the process by which the Bonds (or a portion of them) ar e sold by 
negotiation to one or more underwriting firms selected by the Designated Representative. 
Net Proceeds,  when used with reference to the Bonds of a series, means the p rincipal 
amount of such Bonds, plus accrued interest and original issue premium, if any, and less original 
issue discount and proceeds, if any, deposited in the Reserve Account. 
 Net Revenue means Revenue of the System less Costs of Maintenance and Operation. 
 Notice of Sale  means, if the Bonds shall be sold by Competitive Sale, the not ice of bond 
sale authorized to be given in Section 15 of this ordinance. 
 Original Issue Discount Bonds means Parity Bonds which are sold at an initial public 
offering price of less than 95% of their face value and which a re specifically designated as 
Original Issue Discount Bonds in the ordinance authorizing their issuance.  -11- P:\17035_LDM\17035_0DF 
 Parity Bonds  means the Bonds and any water and wastewater system revenue bo nds, 
warrants or other obligations that the City may hereafter issue  having a lien upon the Revenue of 
the System for the payment of the principal thereof and interest thereon equal to the lien upon the 
Revenue of the System of the Bonds. 
 Parity Requirement  means Net Revenues equal to or greater than 125% of Annual Deb t 
Service for all Parity Bonds computed by deducting from Annual Debt Service the Annual Debt 
Service for each series or issue of Parity Bonds that is covered by ULID Assessments. 
 In determining the amount of Annual Debt Service covered by UL ID Assessments, 
Annual Debt Service for each future year is reduced by the doll ar amount of ULID Assessments 
projected to be received during such future year, and the remai ning outstanding ULID 
Assessments are assumed to be paid in the remaining number of annual installments with no 
prepayments.  For purposes of determining whether the Parity Re quirement has been met, 
transfers from the Coverage Stabilization Account shall not be taken into account. 
 Private Person  means any natural person engage d in a trade or business or any  t r u s t ,  
estate, partnership, association, company or corporation. 
 Private Person Use means the use of property in a t rade or business by a Private Person 
i f  s u c h  u s e  i s  o t h e r  t h a n  a s  a  m e m b e r  o f  t h e  g e n e r a l  p u b l i c .   Private Person Use includes 
ownership of the property by the Private Person as well as othe r arrangements that transfer to the 
Private Person the actual or beneficial use of the property (su ch as a lease, management or 
incentive payment contract or other special arrangement) in suc h a manner as to set the Private 
Person apart from the general public.  Use of property as a member of the general public includes 
attendance by the Private Person at municipal meetings or busin ess rental of property to the 
Private Person on a day-to-day bas is if the rental paid by such  Private Person is the same as the  -12- P:\17035_LDM\17035_0DF 
rental paid by any Private Person who desires to rent the prope rty.  Use of property by nonprofit 
community groups or community recreational groups is not treated as Private Person Use if such 
use is incidental to the governmental uses of property, the pro perty is made available for such 
use by all such community groups on an equal basis and such com munity groups are charged 
only a de minimis fee to cover custodial expenses. 
 Projects means the plan of improvements to the System as provided in Se ction 2 of this 
ordinance. 
 PWTF Loans  mean the loans from the State of Washington Department of Comm erce 
under the Public Works Trust Fund loan program pursuant to any loan agreements existing as of 
the effective date of this ordinance or hereafter entered into by the City under the Public Works 
Trust Fund loan program and payable from the Revenues of the System. 
 Qualified Insurance  means any non-cancelable munici pal bond insurance policy or 
surety bond issued by any Qualified Insurer. 
 Qualified Insurer means an insurance company licensed to conduct business in any  state 
of the United States or a servic e corporation acting on behalf of one or more such insurance 
companies, which insurance company or service corporation is ra ted one of the two highest 
Rating Categories by a Rating Agency at the time of issuance. 
 Qualified Letter of Credit  means any irrevocable letter of  credit issued by a financial 
institution for the account of the City on behalf of registered  owners of Parity Bonds, which 
institution maintains an office, agency or branch in the United  States is rated in one of the two 
highest Rating Categories by any Rating Agency. 
 Rate Covenant  means Net Revenue in each fiscal year at least equal to 125% o f the 
amounts required in such fiscal year to be paid as scheduled de bt service (principal and interest)  -13- P:\17035_LDM\17035_0DF 
on all Parity Bonds, subtracting from scheduled debt service the amount of ULID Assessments 
collected in such year.  Furtherm ore, in determining compliance  with the Rate Covenant, Net 
Revenues are subject to adjustment to reflect the following:  Revenue of the System and Costs of 
Maintenance and Operation may be  adjusted, regardless of then a pplicable generally accepted 
accounting principles, for certain items (e.g., to omit unrealized gains or losses in investments) to 
more fairly reflect the System’s annual operating performance.  Scheduled debt service shall 
exclude the payments required to be made with respect to revenue bond anticipation notes to the 
extent that the proceedings aut horizing their issuance provides that the bond anticipation notes 
will be funded with the proceeds of Future Parity Bonds.  For purposes of determining 
compliance with the Rate Covenant, amounts withdrawn from the C overage Stabilization 
Account shall increase Revenue of the System for the period in which they are withdrawn, and 
amounts deposited in the Coverage Stabilization Account shall reduce Revenue of the System for 
the period during which they are deposited.  Credits to or from  the Coverage Stabilization 
Account that occur within 90 days after the end of a fiscal yea r may be treated as occurring 
within such fiscal year. 
 Rating Agency means Moody’s, S&P or Fitch. 
 Rating Category means the generic rating categories of the Rating Agency, with out 
regard to any refinement or gradation of such rating category b y a numerical modifier or 
otherwise. 
 Registered Owner  means the person in whose name the Bond is registered on the B ond 
Register.  For so long as the Bonds of a series are held in boo k-entry only form, DTC shall be 
deemed to be the sole Registered Owner.  -14- P:\17035_LDM\17035_0DF 
 Registrar means the fiscal agency of the State of Washington or such oth er registrar as 
may be designated in a certificate by the Designated Representa tive for the purposes of 
registering and authenticating the Bonds of a series, maintaini ng the Bond Register, effecting 
transfer of ownership of such Bonds, and paying the principal o f, premium, if any, and interest 
on such Bonds. 
 Reserve Account  means the common Reserve Account previously created within the  
Revenue Bond Fund and maintained pursuant to Section 7(b) of this ordinance. 
 Reserve Requirement  means the dollar amount to be calculated with respect to all 
Covered Bonds and separately with respect to other Parity Bonds. 
(a) With respect to Covered Bonds, the Reserve Requirement, whe n required to be 
funded pursuant to Section 7(b) of this ordinance, shall be equal to the least of: 
  (1) Maximum Annual Debt Service for Covered Bonds,  
  (2) 10% of the initial prin cipal amount of Covered Bonds of each series, and 
  (3) 125% of average annual debt service for Covered Bonds;  
provided, however, that 10% of th e initial principal amount of Covered Bonds of each series  
may be contributed to the Reserve Account from any series of Covered Bonds. 
(b) With respect to other series  of Parity Bonds, the Reserve R equirement shall be 
equal to the amount specified in the ordinance authorizing the issuance of that series of Parity 
Bonds. 
 Revenue Bond Fund  means the “Water Revenue Bond Fund” previously created in the 
office of the Treasurer by Section 1 of Ordinance No. C34024 an d renamed herein as the 
“Water-Wastewater Revenue Bond Fund” for the sole purpose of pa ying and securing the 
payment of the principal of, premium, if any, and interest on Parity Bonds.   -15- P:\17035_LDM\17035_0DF 
 Revenue Fund means the Water and Wastewater Revenue Fund of the City create d by 
Section 1 of Ordinance No. C-34981, and known as the Water-Wast ewater Fund and shall 
include cash accounts therein. 
 Revenue of the System means all of the earnings and revenues received by the City fr om 
the ownership and operation of the System and connection and ca pital improvement charges 
collected for the purpose of defraying the cost of capital faci lities of the System; including to the 
extent of internally approved policies of the City, investment earnings and income from 
investments of money in the Revenue Fund and the Revenue Bond F und or from any other 
investment of Revenues; but exc luding government grants, any fe deral subsidy legally available 
to pay the principal of or interest on Parity Bonds, proceeds f rom the sale of System property, 
City taxes collected by or through the System, principal procee ds of bonds and earnings or 
proceeds from any investments in a trust, defeasance or escrow fund created to defease or refund 
System obligations (until commingled with other earnings and revenues of the System) or held in 
a special account for the purpose of paying a rebate to the Uni ted States Government under the 
Code.  Revenue of the System shall also include any federal or state reimbursements of operating 
expenses to the extent such expenses are included as Costs of Maintenance and Operation ; 
provided, however, that Revenue of the System shall not include ULID Assessments.   
 Rule means the Commission’s Rule 15c2-12 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 S&P  means Standard & Poor’s, a Division of The McGraw Hill Compani es, its 
successors and their assigns, and, if such corporation shall be dissolved or liquidated or shall no 
longer perform the functions of a securities rating agency, S&P shall be deemed to refer to any 
other nationally recognized securi ties rating agency (other tha n Moody’s and Fitch) designated 
by the Designated Representative.  -16- P:\17035_LDM\17035_0DF 
Six Year Capital Facilities Plan  means the City-Wide Six Year Capital Improvement 
Program coordinating the planning , financing and construction o f the City’s capital facilities 
adopted pursuant to Spokane Municipal Code chapter 07.17. 
State Revolving Fund Loans mean the loans outstanding as of the date of this ordinance 
or hereafter entered into by the City under the State of Washington Department of Ecology Clean 
Water State Revolving Fund Loan P rogram pursuant to chapter 70. 145 RCW as part of the 
state’s participation in the federal Clean Water State Revolvin g Fund established by the Clean 
Water Act amendments of 1987 and payable from the Revenues of the System. 
 System means the combined utility of the City’s existing water supply  and distribution 
system and the sanitary sewage transmission, treatment and disp osal system, inclusive of 
stormwater, of the City, as they now exist and as they may be a dded to, improved and extended, 
for as long as any Parity Bonds are outstanding. 
 2014 Construction Account means the account named “2014 Water-Wastewater System 
Improvements Account” for the Projects created within the City’s Water and Wastewater Fund. 
 Tax-Exempt Bonds means the Bonds of a series issued on a federally tax-exempt basis. 
 ULID  means a utility local improvement district of the City.   
 ULID Assessments  means the assessments levied in all ULIDs, the assessments in which 
are payable into the Revenue Bond Fund, and shall include installments thereof and interest and 
any penalties thereon. 
Underwriter means, the underwriter(s) of the Bonds of a series if such Bon ds are sold by 
Negotiated Sale or the successful bidder(s) submitting the Appr oved Bid if the Bonds of a series 
are sold by Competitive Sale.  -17- P:\17035_LDM\17035_0DF 
 Rules of Interpretation.  In this ordinance, unless the context otherwise requires: 
 (a) The terms “hereby,” “hereof,” “hereto,” “herein, “hereunde r” and any similar 
terms, as used in this ordinance, refer to this ordinance as a whole and not to any particular 
article, section, subdivision or c lause hereof, and the term “h ereafter” shall mean after, and the 
term “heretofore” shall mean before, the date of this ordinance; 
 (b) Words of the masculine gender shall mean and include correlative words of the 
feminine and neuter genders and words importing the singular nu mber shall mean and include 
the plural number and vice versa; 
 (c) Words importing persons shall include firms, associations,  partnerships (including 
limited partnerships), trusts, corporations and other legal entities, including public bodies, as well 
as natural persons; 
 (d) Any headings preceding the text of the several articles an d Sections of this 
ordinance, and any table of contents or marginal notes appended  to copies hereof, shall be solely 
for convenience of reference and shall not constitute a part of this ordinance, nor shall they affect 
its meaning, construction or effect; and 
 (e) All references herein to “articles,” “sections” and other subdivisions or clauses are 
to the corresponding articles, sections, subdivisions or clauses hereof. 
 Section 2. Authorization of Proje cts.  The Bonds are being issued to pay the costs of 
acquiring, constructing and installing certain additions and be tterments to and extensions of the 
City’s System, including improvements identified in its Integrated Clean Water Plan, its 
Wastewater Six-Year Capital Plan, or its Water System Plan (tog ether, the “Plans”) addressing 
the needs of the City’s System for managing wastewater and stor mwater (the “Projects”).  The  -18- P:\17035_LDM\17035_0DF 
Projects that may be paid in part or in full by Bond proceeds that are identified in the Plans 
include, but are not limited to: 
• Construction of a tertiary wastewater treatment filtration syst em at the City’s 
wastewater treatment plant; 
• Construction of a solids digester at the City’s wastewater treatment plant; 
• Construction of a primary clarifier to add capacity at the City ’s wastewater treatment 
plant;  
• Addition of underground concrete holding tanks to control overf lows during large 
storms and meet current regulations; 
• Green infrastructure projects in sewer basins to manage overflows to the Spokane 
River; 
• Stormwater management from the Cochran Basin on Spokane’s North Side; and 
• Replacement, addition or improvement of pipes, transmission mai ns, catch basins, 
source well stations, well pumps, pumps at booster stations, an d other basic 
infrastructure within the City’s collection and treatment systems. 
 The City shall provide all equipment, connections and appurten ances together with all 
work as may be incidental and ne cessary to complete the Projects.  The Project facilities shall be 
integrated into the System as required to provide a fully operational facility. 
 The City may make such changes in or additions to the Projects  or in the construction or 
design of other facilities of the  System as may be found necess ary or desirable.  Implementation 
or completion of any specified improvement shall not be require d if the Council determines that, 
due to substantially changed circumstances, it has become advis able or impractical.  If the 
Projects have either been comple ted, or its completion duly pro vided for, or their completion 
found to be impractical, the City may apply the Bond proceeds o r any portion thereof to other 
improvements to the System, as the Council in its discretion shall determine or as approved in 
the Six Year Capital Facilities Plans.  In the event that the p roceeds of sale of the Bonds, plus 
any other moneys of the City legally available, are insufficien t to accomplish all of the Projects  -19- P:\17035_LDM\17035_0DF 
provided by this section, the C ity shall use the available fund s for paying the cost of those 
improvements for which such Bonds were approved, deemed by the Council most necessary and 
to the best interest of the City. 
 The City shall acquire by purchase, lease or condemnation, all  property, both real and 
personal, or any interest there in, or rights-of-way and easemen ts that may be found necessary to 
acquire, construct and install the Projects. 
 Section 3. Authorization of  Bonds and Bond Details.  
(a) Bonds.  For the purpose of paying cos ts of the Projects, funding the  Reserve 
Requirement and paying the costs  of issuance related thereto, the City shall issue in one or more 
series its water and wastewater system revenue bonds (the “Bonds”). 
 (b) Bond Details .  The Bonds shall be designated as the City of Spokane, 
Washington, Water and Wastewater System Revenue Bonds, 2014, wi th an appropriate series 
designation, if applicable, shall be dated as of their date of delivery; shall be fully registered as to 
both principal and interest; shal l be in the denomination of $5 ,000 each, or any integral multiple 
thereof, provided that no Bond shall represent more than one ma turity; shall be numbered 
separately in such manner and with any additional designation a s the Registrar deems necessary 
for purposes of identification; and shall bear interest from th eir date payable commencing no 
later than one year following the date of issuance and shall ma ture on the dates and in the 
principal amounts as approved by the Designated Representative pursuant to Section 15.  The 
Bonds of a series of any of the maturities may be combined and issued as term bonds, subject to 
mandatory redemption as provided in the Bond Purchase Contract or the Notice of Sale for such 
Bonds and the Approved Bid.  -20- P:\17035_LDM\17035_0DF 
 The Bonds shall be obligations only of the Revenue Bond Fund a nd shall be payable and 
secured as provided herein.  The Bonds shall not be general obligations of the City. 
 Section 4. Registration , Exchange and Payments. 
 ( a )  Registrar/Bond Register .  The City hereby specifies and adopts the system of 
registration approved by the Washington State Finance Committee from time to time through the 
appointment of state fiscal agencies.  The City shall cause a bond register to be maintained by the 
Registrar.  So long as any Bonds of a series remain outstanding , the Registrar shall make all 
necessary provisions to permit th e exchange or registration or transfer of such Bonds at its 
principal corporate trust office.  The Registrar may be removed  at any time at the option of the 
Designated Representative upon prior notice to the Registrar and a successor Registrar appointed 
by the Designated Representative.  No resignation or removal of  the Registrar shall be effective 
until a successor shall have b een appointed and until the succe ssor Registrar shall have accepted 
the duties of the Registrar hereunder.  The Registrar is author ized, on behalf of the City, to 
authenticate and deliver Bonds tra nsferred or exchanged in acco rdance with the provisions of 
such Bonds and this ordinance and to carry out all of the Registrar’s powers and duties under this 
ordinance.  The Registrar shall be responsible for its represen tations contained in the Certificate 
of Authentication of such Bonds. 
 (b) Registered Ownership .  The City and the Registrar, each in its discretion, may 
deem and treat the Registered Owner of each Bond as the absolute owner thereof for all purposes 
(except as provided in Section 17 of this ordinance), and neith er the City nor the Registrar shall 
be affected by any notice to the  c o n t r a r y .   P a y m e n t  o f  a n y  s u c h Bond shall be made only as 
described in Section 4(h) hereof, but such Bond may be transferred as herein provided.  All such  -21- P:\17035_LDM\17035_0DF 
payments made as described in Section 4(h) shall be valid and s hall satisfy and discharge the 
liability of the City upon such Bond to the extent of the amount or amounts so paid.   
 ( c )  DTC Acceptance/Letters of Representations .  The Bonds initially shall be held in 
fully immobilized form by DTC acting as depository.  To induce DTC to accept the Bonds as 
eligible for deposit at DTC, the City has executed and delivere d to DTC a Blanket Issuer Letter 
of Representations.  Neither the City nor the Registrar will ha ve any responsibility or obligation 
to DTC participants or the persons for whom they act as nominee s (or any successor depository) 
with respect to the Bonds in respect of the accuracy of any rec ords maintained by DTC (or any 
successor depository) or any DTC pa rticipant, the payment by DT C (or any successor 
depository) or any DTC participan t of any amount in respect of the principal of or interest on 
Bonds, any notice which is permitt ed or required to be given to  Registered Owners under this 
ordinance (except such notices a s shall be required to be given  by the City to the Registrar or to 
DTC (or any successor depository)), or any consent given or oth er action taken by DTC (or any 
successor depository) as the Registered Owner.  For so long as any Bonds are held in 
fully-immobilized form hereunder, DTC or its successor deposito ry shall be deemed to be the 
Registered Owner for all purposes hereunder, and all references  herein to the Registered Owners 
shall mean DTC (or any successor depository) or its nominee and  shall not mean the owners of 
any beneficial interest in such Bonds. 
 (d) Use of Depository. 
  (1) The Bonds shall be registered initially in the name of “C ede & Co.”, as 
nominee of DTC, with one Bond maturing on each of the maturity dates for the Bonds in a 
denomination corresponding to the  t o t a l  p r i n c i p a l  t h e r e i n  d e s i gnated to mature on such date.  
Registered ownership of such immobilized Bonds, or any portions thereof, may not thereafter be  -22- P:\17035_LDM\17035_0DF 
transferred except (A) to any successor of DTC or its nominee, provided that any such successor 
shall be qualified under any applicable laws to provide the service proposed to be provided by it; 
(B) to any substitute depository appointed by the Designated Representative pursuant to 
subsection (2) below or such substitute depository’s successor;  or (C) to any person as provided 
in subsection (4) below. 
  (2) Upon the resignation of DTC or its successor (or any subs titute depository 
or its successor) from its functions as depository or a determi nation by the Designated 
Representative to discontinue the  system of book entry transfer s through DTC or its successor 
(or any substitute depository or its successor), the Designated  Representative may hereafter 
appoint a substitute depository.  Any such substitute depositor y shall be qualified under any 
applicable laws to provide the services proposed to be provided by it. 
  (3) In the case of any transfer pursuant to clause (A) or (B)  of subsection (1) 
above, the Registrar shall, upon receipt of all outstanding Bon ds, together with a written request 
of the Designated Representative, issue a single new Bond for e ach maturity then outstanding, 
registered in the name of such successor or such substitute dep ository, or their nominees, as the 
case may be, all as specified in such written request of the Designated Representative. 
  (4) In the event that (A) DTC or its successor (or substitute  depository or its 
successor) resigns from its functions as depository, and no substitute depository can be obtained, 
or (B) the Designated Representative determines that it is in t he best interest of the beneficial 
owners of the Bonds of a series that such owners be able to obt ain such bonds in the form of 
Bond certificates, the ownership of such Bonds may then be transferred to any person or entity as 
herein provided, and shall no longer be held in fully-immobiliz ed form.  The Designated 
Representative shall deliver a wri tten request to the Registrar , together with a supply of  -23- P:\17035_LDM\17035_0DF 
definitive Bonds, to issue Bonds as herein provided in any auth orized denomination.  Upon 
receipt by the Registrar of all then outstanding Bonds of a series together with a written request 
of the Designated Representative to the Registrar, new Bonds shall be issued in the appropriate 
denominations and registered in the names of such persons as ar e requested in such written 
request. 
 ( e )  Registration of Transfer of Ownership  or Exchange; Change in Denominations .  
The transfer of any Bond may be registered and Bonds may be exc hanged, but no transfer of any 
such Bond shall be valid unless it is surrendered to the Regist rar with the assignment form 
appearing on such Bond duly executed by the Registered Owner or  such Registered Owner’s 
duly authorized agent in a manner satisfactory to the Registrar .  Upon such surrender, the 
Registrar shall cancel the surre ndered Bond and shall authenticate and deliver, without charge to 
the Registered Owner or transferee therefor, a new Bond (or Bon ds at the option of the new 
Registered Owner) of the same date, maturity and interest rate and for the same aggregate 
principal amount in any authorized denomination, naming as Registered Owner the person or 
persons listed as the assignee on the assignment form appearing  on the surrendered Bond, in 
exchange for such surrendered and cancelled Bond.  Any Bond may  be surrendered to the 
Registrar and exchanged, without charge, for an equal aggregate  principal amount of Bonds of 
the same date, maturity and interest rate, in any authorized de nomination.  The Registrar shall 
not be obligated to register the transfer or to exchange any Bo nd during the 15 days preceding 
any interest payment or principal payment date any such Bond is to be redeemed. 
 ( f )  Registrar’s Ownership of Bonds.   T h e  R e g i s t r a r  m a y  b e c o m e  t h e  R e g i s t e r e d  
Owner of any Bond with the same rights it would have if it were  not the Registrar, and to the 
extent permitted by law, may act as depository for and permit a ny of its officers or directors to  -24- P:\17035_LDM\17035_0DF 
act as member of, or in any other capacity with respect to, any  committee formed to protect the 
right of the Registered Owners of Bonds. 
 (g) Registration Covenant .  The City covenants that, until all Bonds have been 
surrendered and canceled, it will maintain a system for recordi ng the ownership of each 
Tax-Exempt Bond that complies with the provisions of Section 149 of the Code. 
 (h) Place and Medium of Payment .  Both principal of and in terest on the Bonds shall 
be payable in lawful money of the United States of America.  In terest on the Bonds shall be 
calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days and twelve 30-day months.  For so long as all Bonds 
are in fully immobilized form, payments of principal and intere st thereon shall be made as 
provided in accordance with the operational arrangements of DTC  referred to in the Letter of 
Representations.  In the event that the Bonds of a series are no longer in fully immobilized form, 
interest on such Bonds shall be paid by check or draft mailed t o the Registered Owners at the 
addresses for such Registered Owners appearing on the Bond Regi ster on the fifteenth day of the 
month preceding the interest payment date, or upon the written request of a Registered Owner of 
more than $1,000,000 of Bonds (received by the Registrar at lea st 15 days prior to the applicable 
payment date), such payment shall be made by the Registrar by w ire transfer to the account 
within the continental United States designated by the Registered Owner.  Principal of the Bonds 
shall be payable upon presentation and surrender of such Bonds by the Registered Owners at the 
principal office of the Registrar. 
 Section 5. Redemption; Purchase of Bonds. 
 ( a )  Optional or Extraordinary Redemption.  The Bonds of a series shall be subject to 
optional and/or extraordinary redemption on the dates, at the p rices and under the terms set forth  -25- P:\17035_LDM\17035_0DF 
in the Bond Purchase Contract or the Notice of Sale approved by  the Designated Representative 
pursuant to Section 15 of this ordinance.  
 (b) Mandatory Redemption .  The Bonds of a series shall be subject to mandatory 
redemption to the extent, if any, set forth in the Bond Purchas e Contract or the Approved Bid 
and as approved by the Designated Representative pursuant to Section 15 of this ordinance. 
 (c) Purchase of Bonds for Retirement .  The City further reserves the right to use at 
any time any surplus Revenue of the System available after prov iding for the payments required 
by paragraphs First, through Sixt h of Section 6(b) of this ordi nance, or other available funds, to 
purchase any of the Bonds that are offered to the City at any p rice deemed appropriate by the 
City.  Any purchase of Bonds may be made with or without tender  of Bonds and at either public 
or private sale. 
 (d) Effect of Purchase .  To the extent that the City shall have purchased any term 
bonds or Balloon Maturity Bonds since the last scheduled mandat ory redemption of such term 
bonds, the City may reduce the principal amount of the term bonds or Balloon Maturity Bonds to 
be redeemed in like principal amount.  Such reduction may be ap plied in the year specified by 
the Designated Representative. 
 ( e )  Selection of Bonds for Redemption .  If Bonds of a series are called for optional 
redemption, the maturities of Bonds to be redeemed shall be sel ected by the Designated 
Representative.  If any Bonds to be redeemed (optional or manda tory) then are held in 
book-entry-only form, the selection of Bonds to be redeemed wit hin a maturity shall be made in 
accordance with the operational arrangements then in effect at DTC.  If the Bonds to be 
redeemed are no longer held in book-entry-only form, the select ion of such Bonds to be 
redeemed shall be made in the following manner.  If the City redeems at any one time fewer than  -26- P:\17035_LDM\17035_0DF 
all of the Bonds having the same maturity date, the particular Bonds or portions of Bonds and 
maturity to be redeemed shall be selected by lot utilizing a ra ndom selection process (reasonably 
determined by the Registrar) in increments of $5,000.  In the c ase of a Bond of maturity in a 
denomination greater than $5,000, the City and Registrar shall treat each Bond of that maturity 
as representing such number of separate Bonds each of the denomination of $5,000 as is obtained 
by dividing the actual principal amount of such Bond of that maturity by $5,000.  In the event 
that only a portion of the principal sum of a Bond is redeemed,  upon surrender of such Bond at 
the principal office of the Registrar there shall be issued to the Registered Owner, without charge 
therefor, for the then-unredeemed balance of the principal sum thereof a Bond or, at the option of 
the Registered Owner, Bonds of like maturity and interest rate in any of the denominations 
herein authorized. 
 ( f )  Notice of Redemption.  Written notice of any redemption of Bonds prior to 
maturity, which notice may be conditional, shall be given by th e Registrar on behalf of the City 
by first class mail, postage prepaid, not less than 20 days nor  more than 60 days before the date 
fixed for redemption to the Registered Owners of Bonds that are to be redeemed at their last 
addresses shown on the Bond Register.  This requirement shall b e deemed complied with when 
notice is mailed to the Registered Owners at their last address es shown on the Bond Register, 
whether or not such notice is actually received by the Registered Owners. 
 So long as the Bonds are in book-entry only form, notice of red emption shall be given to 
Beneficial Owners of Bonds to be redeemed in accordance with th e operational arrangements 
then in effect at DTC, and neither the City nor the Registrar s hall be obligated or responsible to 
confirm that any notice of redemption is, in fact, provided to Beneficial Owners.  -27- P:\17035_LDM\17035_0DF 
 Each notice of redemption prepared and given by the Registrar to Registered Owners of 
Bonds shall contain the following  information:  (1) the propose d redemption date, (2) the 
redemption price, (3) if fewer than all outstanding Bonds of a series are to be redeemed, the 
identification by maturity (and, in the case of partial redemption, the principal amounts) of the 
Bonds to be redeemed, (4) that on the date fixed for redemption the redemption price will 
become due and payable upon each Bond or portion called for red emption, and that interest shall 
cease to accrue from the date fixed for redemption (unless the notice of redemption is a 
conditional notice, in which case the notice shall state that i nterest shall cease to accrue from the 
date fixed for redemption if a nd to the extent that funds have been provided to the Registrar for 
the redemption of Bonds), (5) that the Bonds are to be surrende red for payment at the principal 
office of the Registrar, (6) the CUSIP numbers of all Bonds being redeemed, (7) the dated date 
of the Bonds being redeemed, (8) the rate of interest for each Bond being redeemed, (9) the date 
of the notice, and (10) any other information deemed necessary by the Registrar to identify the 
Bonds being redeemed. 
 Upon the payment of the redemption price of Bonds being redeem ed, each check or other 
transfer of funds issued for such purpose shall bear the CUSIP number identifying, by issue and 
maturity, the Bonds being redeemed with the proceeds of such check or other transfer. 
 (g) Effect of Redemption .  Unless the City has revoked a notice of redemption (or 
unless the City provided a conditional notice and the condition s for redemption set forth therein 
are not satisfied), the City shall transfer to the Registrar amounts that, in addition to other money, 
if any, held by the Registrar for such purpose, will be suffici ent to redeem, on the date fixed for 
redemption, all the Bonds to be redeemed.  If, and to the extent that, funds have been provided to 
the Registrar for the redemption of Bonds then such Bonds shall  become due and payable on the  -28- P:\17035_LDM\17035_0DF 
date fixed for redemption and interest on such Bond shall cease  to accrue from and after such 
date. 
 (h) Amendment of Notice Provisions.  The foregoing notice provisions of this section, 
including but not limited to the information to be included in redemption notices and the persons 
designated to receive notices, may be amended by additions, del etions and changes to maintain 
compliance with duly promulgated regulations and recommendation s regarding notices of 
redemption of municipal securities. 
 Section 6. Revenue Fund; Priority of Payments from Revenue Fun d; Coverage 
Stabilization Account.   
(a) Revenue Fund.  A special fund of the City known as the “Water-Wastewater 
Fund” (including subaccounts therein, the “Revenue Fund”) has h eretofore been established into 
which shall be deposited the Revenue of the System as collected .  The Revenue Fund shall be 
held separate and apart from all other funds and accounts of the City. 
(b) Priority of Payments from the Revenue Fund.  The Revenue of the System 
deposited in the Revenue Fund shall be used only for the following purposes and in the following 
order of priority: 
 First, to pay the Costs of  Maintenance and Operation; 
 Second, to make all payments required to be made into the Reve nue Bond Fund to pay 
the interest on any Parity Bonds, including reimbursements to the issuer of a Credit Facility if the 
Credit Facility secures the payment of interest on Parity Bonds  and the ordinance authorizing 
such Parity Bonds provides for such reimbursement; 
 Third, to make all payments required to be made into the Reven ue Bond Fund to pay the 
principal of any Parity Bonds, including reimbursements to the issuer of a Credit Facility if the  -29- P:\17035_LDM\17035_0DF 
Credit Facility secures the payment of principal of Parity Bond s and the ordinance authorizing 
such Parity Bonds provides for such reimbursement; 
 Fourth, to make all payments required to be made into any sinking fund account hereafter 
created to provide for the payment of the principal Balloon Maturity Bonds; 
 Fifth, to make all payments required to be made into the Reserve Account for Covered 
Bonds and to any reserve account created in the future for the payment of debt service on Future 
Parity Bonds; 
 Sixth, to make all payments required to be made into any reven ue debt redemption fund, 
debt service account, reserve account or sinking fund account c reated to pay and secure the 
payment of the principal of and interest on Government Loans an d any revenue bonds, or 
revenue warrants or other revenue obligations of the City havin g a lien upon the Revenue of the 
System junior and inferior to the lien thereon for the payment of the principal of and interest on 
the Parity Bonds; and 
 Seventh, to retire by redemption or purchase on the open marke t any outstanding water 
and wastewater system revenue bonds or revenue warrants of the City, to make necessary 
additions, betterments, improvements and repairs to or extensio ns and replacements of the 
System, or for any other lawful City purposes. 
The City may transfer any money from any funds or accounts of t he System legally 
available therefor, except bond redemption funds, refunding escrow funds or defeasance funds, 
to meet the required payments to be made into the Revenue Bond Fund.  Money in the Revenue 
Fund may be invested by the City in any investment that is a legal investment for the City. 
(c) Coverage Stabilization Account.   A Coverage Stabilization Account shall be 
established within the Revenue Fund at the option of the Design ated Representative.  The City  -30- P:\17035_LDM\17035_0DF 
hereby determines that the maintenance of a Coverage Stabilizat ion Account will moderate 
fluctuations in Net Revenues and help to alleviate the need for  short-term rate adjustments.  
Money in the Coverage Stabiliza tion Account will be transferred as determined from time to 
time by the City.  The City may make payments into the Coverage  Stabilization Account from 
the Revenue Fund at any time.  Money in the Coverage Stabilizat ion Account may be withdrawn 
at any time and used for the purpose for which the Revenue of t he System may be used.  
Amounts withdrawn from the Covera ge Stabilization Account shall  increase Revenue of the 
System for the period in which  they are withdrawn, and amounts deposited in the Coverage 
Stabilization Account shall reduce Revenue of the System for th e period during which they are 
deposited for purposes of measuring compliance with the Rate Co venant.  Credits to or from the 
Coverage Stabilization Account tha t occur within 90 days after the end of a fiscal year may be 
treated as occurring within such fiscal year.  Earnings on the Coverage Stabilization Account 
shall be credited to the Revenue Fund. 
 Section 7. Payments into Revenue Bond Fund.  A special account of the City known 
as the “Water and Wastewater Fund – Bond Redemption Subaccount”  (the “Revenue Bond 
Fund”) has been created for the sole purpose of paying and secu ring the payment of Parity 
Bonds.   
 ( a )  Payments into Revenue Bond Fund.   As long as the Bonds remain outstanding, 
the City hereby irrevocably obligates and binds itself to set aside and pay from the Revenue Fund 
into the Revenue Bond Fund on or before the date due those amou nts necessary, together with 
ULID Assessments deposited and such other money as is on hand a nd available therefor in the 
Revenue Bond Fund, to pay the interest or principal and interest next coming due on the Bonds.  -31- P:\17035_LDM\17035_0DF 
 As long as the Parity Bonds remain outstanding, the City hereb y irrevocably covenants 
and agrees to pay the ULID Assessments into the Revenue Bond Fund. 
Notwithstanding anything in Sectio n 7(d) hereof to the contrary , money in the Revenue 
Bond Fund may be used to pay any arbitrage rebate, if any, to t he extent the rebate is attributable 
to earnings on money in the Revenue Bond Fund. 
 (b) Payments into Reserve Account.  The City hereby agrees that a special account to 
be known as the “Water-Wastewater Bond Fund Reserve Account” (t he “Reserve Account”) 
shall be maintained for the purpose of securing the payment of the principal of and interest on all 
Covered Bonds.  The Bonds shall be  Covered Bonds, secured by th e Reserve Account.   At the 
closing and delivery of the Bonds, the City shall not be obliga ted to fund the Reserve 
Requirement. If, however, in any fiscal year, Net Revenue is no t at least equal to 150% of the 
amounts required in such fiscal year to be paid as scheduled de bt service (principal and interest) 
on all Parity Bonds, subtracting from scheduled debt service the amount of ULID Assessments 
collected in such year, (allowing for the same adjustments desc ribed in the definition of Rate 
Covenant), the City shall be required to fund the Reserve Requi rement within three years.   The 
payments into the Reserve Account may be made from the proceeds  of Future Parity Bonds, 
Revenue of the System, or ULID Assessments (or, at the option o f the City, out of any other 
funds on hand and legally availabl e therefor) in approximately equal additional annual 
installments so that within three years following the fiscal ye ar in which the foregoing minimum 
coverage requirement was not met there will have been paid into the Reserve Account an amount 
that, together with the money already on deposit therein, will be at least equal to the Reserve 
Requirement.  Such annual paymen ts into the Reserve Account sha l l  b e  m a d e  n o t  l a t e r  t h a n  
December 20 of each year.  Provided, if the City adopts rates a nd charges or takes such other  -32- P:\17035_LDM\17035_0DF 
action to ensure that the foregoing minimum coverage requiremen t is met, the City will not be 
required to maintain a balance in the Reserve Account. 
The following provisions of this subsection 7(b) shall become e ffective only after the 
City is obligated to fund the Reserve Requirement. 
 The City covenants and agrees that when the required deposits have been made into the 
Reserve Account for Covered Bonds, it will at all times maintain therein an amount at least equal 
to the Reserve Requirement except for withdrawals therefrom authorized hereinafter, at all times 
for so long as any Covered Bonds remain outstanding.  Whenever there is a sufficient amount in 
the Revenue Bond Fund, including all accounts therein, to pay t he principal of, premium, if any, 
and interest on all outstanding Parity Bonds, the money in the Reserve Account may be used to 
pay the principal of, premium, i f any, and interest on the Parity Bonds secured thereby.  Money 
in the Reserve Account may also be withdrawn to redeem and reti re, and to pay the premium, if 
any, and interest due to such date of redemption, on the outsta nding Parity Bonds, as long as the 
money remaining on deposit in the Reserve Account is at least e qual to the Reserve Requirement 
determined with respect to the Covered Bonds then outstanding. 
 In the event there shall be a deficiency in the Revenue Bond F und to meet maturing 
installments of either interest on or principal of and interest  on any Covered Bonds, such 
deficiency shall be made up from the Reserve Account by the wit hdrawal of money therefrom.  
Cash and investments shall be drawn upon prior to any drawing upon a surety bond.  Any 
deficiency created in the Reserve Account by reason of any such  withdrawal shall then be made 
up out of Revenue of the System or ULID Assessments within one year after making necessary 
provision for the payments required to be made by subparagraphs First through Fourth, inclusive, 
of Section 6(b) of this ordinance.   -33- P:\17035_LDM\17035_0DF 
If a Credit Event occurs, the Reserve Requirement shall be sati sfied (A) within one year 
after the occurrence of such Credit Event with other Qualified Insurance or another Qualified 
Letter of Credit, or (B) within three years (in three approxima tely equal annual installments) 
after the occurrence of such Credit Event, out of Revenue of th e System or ULID Assessments 
after making necessary provision for the payments required to b e made by subparagraphs First 
through Fourth, inclusive, of Section 6(b) of this ordinance. 
 In the event the City issues any Future Parity Bonds that are Covered Bonds, it will 
include in the ordinance authoriz ing the issuance of such Futur e Parity Bonds the covenants set 
forth in the first paragraph of this subsection 7(b).  
 Notwithstanding anything in th is Section 7 to the contrary, the City may fund the Reserve 
Requirement, in whole or in part, through a surety bond issued by a Qualified Insurer.  The 
amount payable by the Qualified Insurer under such surety bond shall be credited against the 
amounts otherwise required to be accumulated and maintained in the Reserve Account. 
The Reserve Requirement may be maintained by deposits of cash.  As used herein, the 
term “cash” shall include U.S. currency, cash equivalents and e vidences thereof, including 
demand deposits, certified or cashi er’s check; and the deposit to the Reserve Account may be 
satisfied initially by the transfer of qualified investments to such account. 
 ( c )  Priority of Lien of Payments into Revenue Bond Fund .  The amounts so pledged 
to be paid into the  Revenue Bond Fund from the Revenue Fund ar e hereby declared to be a lien 
and charge upon the Revenue of the System junior in lien to the  Costs of Maintenance and 
Operation and equal to the lien of the charges upon such Revenu e of the System and ULID 
Assessments that may hereafter be made upon the Revenue of the System and ULID  -34- P:\17035_LDM\17035_0DF 
Assessments to pay and secure the payment of the principal of a nd interest on any Future Parity 
Bonds, and prior and superior to all other charges of any kind or nature whatsoever. 
 (d) Application and Investment of Money in Revenue Bond Fund.  Money in the 
Revenue Bond Fund and the Reserve Account shall be invested in any legal investment for City 
funds.  Investments in the Revenue Bond Fund shall mature prior to the date on which such 
money shall be needed for required interest or principal payments.  Investments in any Reserve 
Account shall mature not later than the last maturity of the Parity Bonds secured thereby.   
 ( e )  Sufficiency of Revenues.  The Council hereby finds and declares that in fixing the 
amounts to be paid into the Revenue Bond Fund out of the Revenue of the System, it has 
exercised due regard for the Costs of Maintenance and Operation and has not obligated the City 
to set aside and pay into such Fund a greater amount of such Re venue than in its judgment will 
be available over and above the Costs of Maintenance and Operation. 
 Section 8. Bond Covenants. 
 ( a )  Maintenance and Operation .  The City shall at all times maintain, preserve and 
keep the properties of the System in good repair, working order and condition and will from time 
to time make all necessary and pr oper repairs, renewals, replac ements, extensions and 
betterments thereto, so that at all times the business carried on in connection therewith will be 
properly and advantageously condu cted, and the City will at all  t i m e s  o p e r a t e  o r  c a u s e  t o  b e  
operated said properties of the System and the business in conn ection therewith in an efficient 
manner and at a reasonable cost. 
 ( b )  Rate Covenant .  The City will establish, maintain and collect such rates and  
charges, which shall be fair a nd nondiscriminatory, for service of its System as will maintain the 
Rate Covenant for so long as any Parity Bonds are outstanding.  -35- P:\17035_LDM\17035_0DF 
(c) Maintain Revenue Fund Balance .  After making or providing for the payments 
from the Revenue Fund as required by Section 6(b) hereof, there  s h a l l  b e  m a i n t a i n e d  i n  t h e  
Revenue Fund sufficient money to enable the City to meet the Costs of Maintenance and 
Operation of the System on a current basis. 
 (d) Sale or Disposition of the System.  The City will not sell or otherwise dispose of 
the System in its entirety unless simultaneously with such sale  or other disposition, provision is 
made for the payment into the Revenue Bond Fund of cash or Government Obligations sufficient 
together with interest to be earned thereon to pay the principa l  o f  a n d  i n t e r e s t  o n  t h e  t h e n -
outstanding Parity Bonds, nor will it sell or otherwise dispose  of any part of the useful operating 
properties of the System unless such facilities are replaced or  provision is made for payment into 
the Revenue Bond Fund of the greatest of the following: 
  (1) An amount which will be in the same proportion to the net  amount of 
Parity Bonds then outstanding (defined as the total amount of t he Parity Bonds less the amount 
of cash and investments in the Revenue Bond Fund and accounts therein) that the Revenue from 
the portion of the System sold or disposed of for the preceding  year bears to the total Revenue 
for such period; or 
  (2) An amount which will be in the same proportion to the net  amount of 
Parity Bonds then outstanding (as defined above) that the Net R evenue from the portion of the 
System sold or disposed of for the preceding year bears to the total Net Revenue for such period; 
or  
  (3) An amount which will be in the same proportion to the net  amount of 
Parity Bonds then outs tanding (as defined a bove) that the depreciated cost value of the facilities  -36- P:\17035_LDM\17035_0DF 
sold or disposed of bears to the depreciated cost value of the entire System immediately prior to 
such sale or disposition. 
 The proceeds of any such sale or disposition of a portion of t he properties of the System 
(to the extent required above) shall be paid into the Revenue Bond Fund. 
 Notwithstanding any other provision of this subsection (d), th e City may sell or otherwise 
dispose of any of the works, plan t, properties and facilities o f the System or any real or personal 
property comprising a part of the same which shall have become unserviceable, inadequate, 
obsolete or unfit to be used in the operation of the System, or no longer necessary, material to or 
useful in such operation, without making any deposit into the Revenue Bond Fund. 
 ( e )  Liens or Encumbrances.  The City will not at any time create or permit to accrue 
or to exist any lien or other e ncumbrance or indebtedness upon the System or the Revenue of the 
System, or any part thereof, prior or superior to the lien ther eon for the payment of the Parity 
Bonds, and will pay and discharge, or cause to be paid and disc harged, any and all lawful claims 
for labor, materials or supplies which, if unpaid, might become  a lien or charge upon the 
Revenue of the System, or any part thereof, or upon any funds i n the hands of the City, prior to 
or superior to the lien of the Parity Bonds, or which might imp air the security of the Parity 
Bonds. 
 ( f )  Insurance.  The City will keep the works, plants and facilities comprising the 
System insured, and will carry such other insurance, with respo nsible insurers, with policies 
payable to the City, against risk s, accidents or casualties, at least to the extent that insurance is 
usually carried by private corporations operating like properti es, or will implement a 
self-insurance program with reser ves adequate, in the judgment of the Council, to protect the 
City and the holders of Parity B onds against loss.  In the even t of any loss or damage, the City  -37- P:\17035_LDM\17035_0DF 
will promptly repair or replace the damaged portion of the insu red property and apply the 
proceeds of any insurance policy for that purpose; or in the ev ent the City should determine not 
to repair or reconstruct such dam aged portion of the properties  of the System, the proceeds of 
such insurance shall be paid into any Reserve Account to the extent that such transfer shall be 
necessary to make up any deficiency in said Reserve Account and  the balance, if any, shall, at 
the option of the City, be used either for repairs, renewals, r eplacements, or capital additions to 
the System, for the redemption of Parity Bonds, or for deposit into the Revenue Bond Fund. 
 (g) Books and Accounts.  The City shall keep proper books of account in accordance 
with any applicable rules and regulations prescribed by the Sta te of Washington.  The City shall 
prepare, and any owner or holder of Parity Bonds may, upon writ ten request, obtain copies of, 
balance sheets and profit and loss statements showing in reason able detail the financial condition 
of the System as of the close of each year, and the income and expenses of such year, including 
the amounts paid into the Revenue Fund, the Revenue Bond Fund, and into any and all special 
funds or accounts created pursuant to the provisions of this ordinance, and the amounts expended 
for maintenance, renewals, replacements, and capital additions to the System.   
 (h) Additions and Improvements.  The City will not expend any of the revenues 
derived by it from the operation of the System or the proceeds of any indebtedness payable from 
the Revenue of the System for any extensions, betterments or im provements to the System that 
are not legally required or economically sound, and that will n ot properly and advantageously 
contribute to the conduct of the business of the System in an efficient manner. 
 ( i )  Collection and Application of ULID Assessments .  As long as the Parity Bonds 
remain outstanding, all ULID Assessments shall be paid into the  Revenue Bond Fund and shall 
be used to pay and secure the payment of the principal of and interest on the Parity Bonds.   -38- P:\17035_LDM\17035_0DF 
Nothing in this ordinance or this section shall be construed to  prohibit the City from issuing 
water, wastewater or water and wastewater system revenue bonds junior in lien to the Bonds and 
pledging as security for their payment assessments levied in an y ULID which may have been 
specifically created to pay part of the cost of improvements to the System for which those junior 
lien bonds were specifically issued. 
 ( j )  Collection of Delinquent ULID Assessments.  The City will, on or before April 1 
of each calendar year, determine all ULID Assessments or instal lments thereof that are 
delinquent and will take all nece ssary action to enforce paymen t of such ULID Assessments, 
including real property foreclos ure actions pursuant to applica ble law, or its successor statute, if 
any, against the property owners whose ULID Assessments are delinquent. 
 (k) No Free Service.  Unless permitted by law or City policy, the City will not furnish 
or supply or permit the furnis hing or supplying of any commodit y, service or facility furnished 
by or in connection with the ope ration of the System, free of c harge to any person, firm or 
corporation, public or private, so long as any Bonds are outstanding and unpaid. 
 Section 9. Issuance of Future Parity Bonds.   
(a) Conditions upon the Issuance of Future Parity Bonds.  The City hereby reserves 
the right to issue Future Parity Bonds, which shall constitute a charge and lien upon the Revenue 
of the System equal to the lien thereon of the Bonds.  Except as provided in subsection (c) below, 
the City shall not issue any series of Future Parity Bonds or i ncur any additional indebtedness 
with a parity lien or charge on Net Revenues ( i.e., on a parity of lien with Parity Bonds at the 
time outstanding) unless:  -39- P:\17035_LDM\17035_0DF 
(1) the City shall not have been  in default of its Rate Covenan t for the 
immediately preceding fiscal year, without regard to transfers from the Coverage Stabilization 
Account; 
(2) the ordinance authorizing th e issuance of such Future Parit y Bonds shall 
include the covenants provided in Section 8(b) hereof; and 
(3) there shall have been filed a certificate (prepared as desc ribed in 
subsection (c) or (d) below) demonstrating fulfillment of the P arity Requirement, commencing 
with the first full fiscal year following the date on which any  portion of interest on the series of 
Future Parity Bonds then being i ssued no longer will be paid from the proceeds of such series of 
Future Parity Bonds. 
(b) No Certificate Required .  The certificate descri bed in the foregoing 
subsection (a)(3) shall not be required as a condition to the issuance of Future Parity Bonds: 
(1) if the Future Parity Bonds b eing issued are for the purpose of refunding 
outstanding Parity Bonds as long as the final maturity is not e xtended and the Annual Debt 
Service in any year does not increase by more than $5,000; or 
(2) if the Future Parity Bonds are being issued to pay costs of  construction of 
facilities of the System for which Future Parity Bonds have bee n issued previously and the 
principal amount of such Future Parity Bonds being issued for completion purposes does not 
exceed an amount equal to an aggregate of 15% of the principal amount of Future Parity Bonds 
theretofore issued for such facilities and reasonably allocable  to the facilities to be completed as 
shown in a written certificate of the Designated Representative , and there is delivered a 
Designated Representative’s certi ficate stating that the nature and purpose of such facilities has 
not materially changed.  -40- P:\17035_LDM\17035_0DF 
(c) Certificate of the City Without A Consultant.  If required pursuant to the foregoing 
subsection (a)(3), a certificate may be delivered by the City ( executed by the Designated 
Representative) without a Consultant if Net Revenues for the Ba se Period (confirmed by an 
audit) conclusively demonstrate that the Parity Requirement wil l be fulfilled commencing with 
the first full fiscal year following the date on which any portion of interest on the series of Future 
Parity Bonds then being issued will not be paid from the procee ds of such series of Future Parity 
Bonds. 
(d) Certificate of a Consultant .  Unless compliance with the requirements of 
subsection (a)(3) have been otherwise satisfied (as provided in (b) or (c) above), compliance with 
the Parity Requirement shall be demonstrated conclusively by a certificate of a Consultant. 
In making the computations of Net Revenues for the purpose of c ertifying compliance 
with the Parity Requirement, the Consultant shall use as a basis the Net Revenues (which may be 
based upon unaudited financial statements of the City if the audit has not yet been completed) for 
the Base Period.  Such Net Revenues shall be determined by adding the following: 
(1) The historical net revenue o f the City for the Base Period being issued as 
determined by a Consultant. 
(2) The net revenue derived from those customers of the City th at have 
become customers during such 12-month period or thereafter and prior to the date of such 
certificate, adjusted to reflect a full year’s net revenue from each such customer to the extent 
such net revenue was not included in (1) above. 
(3) The estimated annual net revenue to be derived from any per son, firm, 
association, private or municipal corporation under any execute d contract for service, which net 
revenue was not included in any of the sources of net revenue described in this subsection (d).  -41- P:\17035_LDM\17035_0DF 
(4) The estimated annual net revenue to be derived from the ope ration of any 
additions or improvements to or extensions of the City under construction but not completed at 
the time of such certificate and not being paid for out of the proceeds of sale of such Future 
Parity Bonds being issued, and which net revenue is not otherwi se included in any of the sources 
of net revenue described in this subsection (d). 
(5) The estimated annual net revenue to be derived from the ope ration of any 
additions and improvements to or extensions of the City being paid for out of the proceeds of 
sale of such Future Parity Bonds being issued. 
In the event the City will not derive any revenue as a result of the construction of the 
additions, improvements or extensions being made or to be made to the System within the 
provisions of subparagraphs (4) and (5) immediately above, the estimated normal Costs of 
Maintenance and Operation (excluding any transfer of money to o ther funds of the City and 
license fees, taxes and payments in lieu of taxes payable to th e City) of such additions, 
improvements and extensions shall be deducted from estimated annual net revenue. 
The words “historical net revenue” or “net revenue” as used in this subsection (d) shall 
mean the Revenue or any part or parts thereof less the normal e xpenses of maintenance and 
operation of the System or any part or parts thereof, but before depreciation. 
Such “historical net revenue” or “net revenue” shall be adjuste d to reflect the rates and 
charges effective on the date of such certificate if there has been any change in such rates and 
charges during or after such 12-consecutive-month period. 
 ( e )  Junior Liens.  Nothing herein contained shall prevent the City from issuing 
revenue bonds or other obligations that are a charge upon the R evenue of the System junior or 
inferior to the payments required by this ordinance to be made out of such Revenue into the  -42- P:\17035_LDM\17035_0DF 
Revenue Bond Fund and accounts therein to pay and secure the pa yment of any outstanding 
Parity Bonds. 
 ( f )  Refunding to avoid default.  Nothing herein contained shall prevent the City from 
issuing revenue bonds to refund maturing Parity Bonds for the p ayment of which money is not 
otherwise available. 
 Section 10. Tax Covenants.  With respect to Bonds issued as Ta x-Exempt Bonds, the 
City covenants that it will not take or permit to be taken on i ts behalf any action that would 
adversely affect the exemption fr om federal income taxation of the interest on the Tax-Exempt 
Bonds and will take or require to be taken such acts as may rea sonably be within its ability and 
as may from time to time be required under applicable law to co ntinue the exemption from 
federal income taxation of the interest on the Tax-Exempt Bonds.   
 ( a )  Arbitrage Covenant.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the City 
covenants that it will not take any action or fail to take any action with respect to the proceeds of 
sale of the Tax-Exempt Bonds or any other funds of the City whi ch may be deemed to be 
proceeds of the Tax-Exempt Bonds pursuant to Section 148 of the Code and the regulations 
promulgated thereunder which, if such use had been reasonably expected on the dates of delivery 
of the Tax-Exempt Bonds to the initial purchasers thereof, woul d have caused the Tax-Exempt 
Bonds as “arbitrage bonds” within the meaning of such term as used in Section 148 of the Code. 
 The City represents that it has not been notified of any listing or proposed listing by the 
Internal Revenue Service to the effect that it is an issuer who se arbitrage certifications may not 
be relied upon.  The City will com ply with the requirements of Section 148 of the Code and the 
applicable regulations thereunder throughout the term of the Tax-Exempt Bonds.  -43- P:\17035_LDM\17035_0DF 
 (b) Private Person Use Limitation for Tax-Exempt Bonds .  The City covenants that 
for as long as the Tax-Exempt Bonds are outstanding, it will not permit: 
  (1) More than 10% of the Net Proceeds of the Tax-Exempt Bonds  to be used 
for any Private Person Use; and 
  (2) More than 10% of the principal or interest payments on th e Tax-Exempt 
Bonds in a Bond Year to be direc tly or indirectly:  (A) secured  by any interest in property used 
or to be used for any Private Person Use or secured by payments in respect of property used or to 
be used for any Private Person Use, or (B) derived from payment s (whether or not made to the 
City) in respect of property, or borrowed money, used or to be used for any Private Person Use. 
 The City further covenants that, if: 
  (3) More than five percent of the Net Proceeds of the Tax-Exe mpt Bonds are 
to be used for any Private Person Use; and 
  (4) More than five percent of the principal or interest payme nts on the 
Tax-Exempt Bonds in a Bond Year are (under the terms of this or dinance or any underlying 
arrangement) directly or indirectly:   
   ( A )  s e c u r e d  b y  a n y  i n t e r e s t  i n  p r o p e r t y  u s e d  o r  t o  b e  u s e d  f or any 
Private Person Use or secured by payments in respect of propert y used or to be used for any 
Private Person Use, or  
   ( B )  d e r i v e d  f r o m  p a y m e n t s  ( w h e t h e r  o r  n o t  m a d e  t o  t h e  C i t y )  in 
respect of property, or borrowed money, used or to be used for any Private Person Use, then, 
(i) any Private Person Use of the Projects financed or refinanc e d  w i t h  t h e  p r o c e e d s  o f  t h e  
Tax-Exempt Bonds or Private Person Use payments described in su bsection (4) hereof that is in 
excess of the five percent limitations described in such subsections (3) or (4) will be for a Private  -44- P:\17035_LDM\17035_0DF 
Person Use that is related to the state or local governmental u se of the Projects financed or 
refinanced with the proceeds of the Tax-Exempt Bonds, and (ii) any Private Person Use will not 
exceed the amount of Net Proceeds of the Tax-Exempt Bonds used for the state or local 
governmental use portion of the Projects financed or refinanced  with the proceeds of the Tax-
Exempt Bonds to which the Private Person Use of such portion of  the Projects financed or 
refinanced with the proceeds of the Tax-Exempt Bonds relates.  The City further covenants that 
it will comply with any limitations on the use of the Projects by other than state and local 
governmental users that are necessary, in the opinion of its bo nd counsel, to preserve the tax 
exemption of the interest on the Tax-Exempt Bonds.  The covenan ts of this section are specified 
solely to assure the continued exemption from regular income taxation of the interest on the Tax-
Exempt Bonds.  
 ( c )  Designation under Section 265(b) of the Code.   The Designated Representative is 
authorized to determine whether the Tax-Exempt Bonds may be qua lified under Section 265(b) 
of the Code and to designate the series of the Tax-Exempt Bonds  as “qualified tax-exempt 
obligations” pursuant to Section 265(b) of the Code for investment by financial institutions. 
 (d) Modification of Tax Covenants.  The covenants of this section are specified solely 
to assure the continued exemption from regular income taxation of the interest on the Tax-
Exempt Bonds.  To that end, the p rovisions of this section may be modified or eliminated 
without any requirement for formal amendment thereof upon recei pt of an opinion of the City’s 
bond counsel that such modification or elimination will not adversely affect the tax exemption of 
interest on any Tax-Exempt Bonds.  -45- P:\17035_LDM\17035_0DF 
 Section 11. Form of Bonds.  The  Bonds shall be in substantially the following form: 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 
 
NO. ____ $__________ 
 
STATE OF WASHINGTON 
 
CITY OF SPOKANE 
WATER AND WASTEWATER SYSTEM REVENUE BOND, 2014 [series designation] 
 
Interest Rate: Maturity Date: CUSIP No.         
 
Registered Owner: CEDE & Co. 
 
Principal Amount:  ______________________________ AND NO/DOLLARS 
 
 THE CITY OF SPOKANE, a municipal corporation organized and exi sting under and by 
virtue of the laws of the State of Washington (the “City”), pro mises to pay to the Registered 
Owner identified above, or registered assigns, on the Maturity Date identified above, solely from 
the special fund of the City known as the “Water and Wastewater  Fund – Bond Redemption 
Subaccount” (the “Revenue Bond F und”) the Principal Amount indi cated above and to pay 
interest thereon from the Revenue Bond Fund from ______________ , 2014, or the most recent 
date to which interest has been paid or duly provided for or un til payment of this bond at the 
Interest Rate set forth above, payable on _________, 20__, and semiannually thereafter on the 
first days of each _______ and _______.   
 
 Both principal of and interest on this bond are payable in law ful money of the United 
States of America.  For so long as the bonds of this issue are held in fully immobilized form, 
payments of principal and interest thereon shall be made as provided in accordance with the 
operational arrangements of The Depository Trust Company (“DTC” ) referred to in the Blanket 
Issuer Letter of Representations (the “Letter of Representation s”)  f ro m  th e  C ity  to  D T C .   T h e  
fiscal agency of the State of Washington has been appointed by the City as the authenticating 
agent, paying agent and regist rar for the bonds of this issue ( the “Registrar”).  Capitalized terms 
used in this bond that are not specifically defined have the me anings given such terms in 
Ordinance No. C-____ of the City (the “Bond Ordinance”).  Refer ence is made to the Bond 
Ordinance and any and all modifications and amendments thereto for a description of the nature 
and extent of the security for the bonds of this issue, the fun ds or revenues pledged, and the 
terms and conditions upon which such bonds are issued. 
 
 This bond is one of an issue of $____________ of bonds of the City of like date, tenor 
and effect, except as to number, amount, rate of interest and d ate of maturity and is issued 
pursuant to the Bond Ordinance to finance capital improvements to the combined system of 
water supply and distribution and sewage collection, treatment and disposal of the City (the 
“System”). 
  -46- P:\17035_LDM\17035_0DF 
 The bonds of this issue are subject to redemption prior to the ir stated maturity as stated in 
the [Bond Purchase Contract] [Notice of Sale and Approved Bid] for the Bonds. 
 
 The bonds of this issue are not general obligations of the Cit y .   T h e  C i t y  h e r e b y  
covenants and agrees with the owner and holder of this bond that it will keep and perform all the 
covenants of this bond and the Bond Ordinance. 
 
 [The bonds of this issue are not “private activity bonds” as s uch term is defined in the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”).  The bo nds of this issue have [not] 
been designated by the City as “qualified tax-exempt obligation s” for investment by financial 
institutions under Section 265(b) of the Code.]  [The City has taken no action to cause the 
interest on this bond to be exempt from federal income taxation.] 
 
 The City does hereby pledge and bi nd itself to set aside from the Revenue Fund out of the 
Revenue of the System and to pay into the Revenue Bond Fund and  the Reserve Account the 
various amounts required by the Bo nd Ordinance to be paid into and maintained in such Fund 
and account, all within the times  provided by the Bond Ordinanc e .   T o  t h e  e x t e n t  m o r e  
particularly provided by the B ond Ordinance, the amounts so ple dged to be paid from the 
Revenue Fund out of the Revenue of the System into the Revenue Bond Fund and the account 
therein shall be a lien and charge thereon equal in rank to the  lien and charge upon said revenue 
of the amounts required to pay and secure the payment of any re venue bonds of the City 
hereafter issued on a parity with the bonds of this issue and superior to all other liens and charges 
of any kind or nature except the Costs of Maintenance and Operation of the System. 
 
 The City has further bound itself to maintain the System in go od repair, working order 
and condition, to operate the same in an efficient manner and a t a reasonable cost, and to 
establish, maintain and collect rates and charges for as long a s any of the bonds of this issue are 
outstanding that will make available, for the payment of the principal thereof and interest thereon 
as the same shall become due, Net Revenue will be at least equa l to the Rate Covenant, as 
described in the Bond Ordinance. 
 
 This bond shall not be valid or become obligatory for any purp ose or be entitled to any 
security or benefit under the B ond Ordinance until the Certific ate of Authentication hereon shall 
have been manually signed by or on behalf of the Registrar. 
 
 It is hereby certified and declared that this bond and the bon ds of this issue are issued 
pursuant to and in strict compliance with the Constitution and laws of the State of Washington 
and ordinances of the City and th at all acts, conditions and th ings required to be done precedent 
to and in the issuance of this bond have happened, been done and performed. 
  -47- P:\17035_LDM\17035_0DF 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the City of Spokane, Washington has caused  this bond to be 
signed with the facsimile or manual signature of the Mayor, to be attested by the facsimile or 
manual signature of the City Clerk, and the corporate seal of t he City to be reproduced hereon, 
all as of this ____ day of ____________, 2014. 
 
CITY OF SPOKANE, WASHINGTON 
 
 
By  /s/ facsimile or manual   
Mayor 
    ( S E A L )  
 
ATTEST: 
 
 /s/ facsimile or manual   
City Clerk 
CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION 
 Date of Authentication:  ___________, 2014 
 
 This bond is one of the bonds described in the within-mentione d Bond Ordinance and is 
one of the Water and Wastewater System Revenue Bonds, 2014 [ser ies designation] of the City 
of Spokane, Washington, dated _____________, 2014. 
WASHINGTON STATE FISCAL 
AGENCY, Registrar 
 
By THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON 
TRUST COMPANY, N.A., as subcontractor 
to The Bank of New York Mellon, fiscal 
agent for the State of Washington 
 
B y         
Authorized Signer 
 
 Section 12. Execution of Bonds.  The Bonds shall be executed o n behalf of the City 
with the manual or facsimile signature of the signature of the Mayor and attested by the manual 
or facsimile signature of the City Clerk, and the seal of the C ity shall be impressed or a facsimile 
thereof imprinted or otherwise reproduced on the Bonds. 
 Only such Bonds as shall bear thereon a Certificate of Authent ication in the form 
hereinbefore recited, manually e xecuted by the Registrar, shall  be valid or obligatory for any  -48- P:\17035_LDM\17035_0DF 
purpose or entitled to the benefits of this ordinance.  Such Ce rtificate of Authentication shall be 
conclusive evidence that the Bonds so authenticated have been d uly executed, authenticated and 
delivered hereunder and are entitled to the benefits of this ordinance. 
 In case either of the officers who shall have executed the Bon ds shall cease to be an 
officer or officers of the City before the Bonds so signed shal l have been authenticated or 
delivered by the Registrar, or issued by the City, such Bonds m ay nevertheless be authenticated, 
delivered and issued and upon such authentication, delivery and i s s u a n c e ,  s h a l l  b e  a s  b i n d i n g  
upon the City as though those who signed the same had continued to be such officers of the City.  
Any Bond may also be signed and attested on behalf of the City by such persons who are at the 
actual date of delivery of such Bond the proper officers of the  City although at the original date 
of such Bond any such person shall not have been such officer of the City. 
 Section 13. Defeasance.  In the ev ent that the City, in order to effect the payment, 
retirement or redemption of any Bond, sets aside in the Revenue Bond Fund or in another special 
account, cash or noncallable Government Obligations, or any com bination of cash and/or 
noncallable Government Obligations, in amounts and maturities w hich, together with the known 
earned income therefrom, are sufficient to redeem or pay and re tire such Bond in accordance 
with its terms and to pay when due the interest and redemption premium, if any, thereon, and 
such cash and/or noncallable Government Obligations are irrevoc ably set aside and pledged for 
such purpose, then no further payments need be made into the Re venue Bond Fund for the 
payment of the principal of and interest on such Bond.  The owner of a Bond so provided for 
shall cease to be entitled to a ny lien, benefit or security of this ordinance except the right to 
receive payment of principal, premium, if any, and interest fro m such special account, and such 
Bond shall be deemed to be not outstanding under this ordinance.    -49- P:\17035_LDM\17035_0DF 
 The Registrar shall provide notice of defeasance of Bonds to R egistered Owners and to 
each party entitled to receive notice in accordance with Section 17 of this ordinance. 
 Section 14. Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Bonds.  In case any Bond or Bonds shall be lost, 
stolen or destroyed, the Registrar may execute and deliver a new Bond or Bonds of like date, 
number and tenor to the Register ed Owner thereof upon the Regis tered Owner’s paying the 
expenses and charges of the City and the Registrar in connectio n therewith and upon his/her 
filing with the Designated Repres entative and the Registrar evi dence satisfactory to the 
Designated Representative and the Registrar, respectively, that such Bond was actually lost, 
stolen or destroyed and of his /her ownership thereof, and upon furnishing the City and the 
Registrar with indemnity satisfactory to the Designated Represe ntative and the Registrar, 
respectively. 
 Section 15. Delegation of Authority; Sale of Bonds.   
(a) Delegation of Authority .  The City has determined that it would be in the best 
interest of the City to delegate to the Designated Representati ve the authority to approve the 
manner of sale, the number of s eries, the series designation, t he final principal amounts of the 
Bonds (within the parameters established herein), date of the Bonds, tax status of each series, 
interest rates, payment dates, r edemption provisions, maturity dates of such Bonds, and other 
terms and conditions of the Bonds in the manner provided hereafter so long as:  
 (1) the aggregate principal amount of the Bonds does not exceed $210,000,000;  
 (2) the final maturity of each  series of the Bonds does not exceed 21 years; and 
 (3) the true interest cost of  each series of the Bonds does not exceed 4.00%. 
 In determining the manner of sale, number of series, the taxable or tax-exempt status of 
each series, the series designation, the final principal amount s of the Bonds (within the  -50- P:\17035_LDM\17035_0DF 
parameters above), date of the Bonds, interest rates, payment d ates, redemption provisions, and 
maturity dates of such Bonds, the Designated Representative, in  consultation with City staff and 
the City’s financial advisor, shall take into account those factors that, in the Designated 
Representative’s judgment, will result in the lowest true interest cost on the applicable series of 
the Bonds to their maturity, including, but not limited to curr ent financial market conditions and 
current interest rates for obligations comparable in tenor and quality to the applicable series of 
the Bonds.   
(b) Bond Sale.   The Designated Representative is hereby authorized to determine 
whether the Bonds shall be sold by Negotiated Sale or by a Comp etitive Sale.  Upon the 
selection of one or more underwriters, the Designated Representative shall negotiate the terms of 
sale for the Bonds, including the terms described in this section, in a contract of sale (a “Bond 
Purchase Contract”).   
If the Bonds are sold by Competitive Sale, the Designated Repre sentative or his designee 
shall:  (a) establish the date of the public sale; (b) establis h the criteria by which the successful 
bidder will be determined; (c) request a good faith deposit fro m the Successful Bidder; (d) cause 
notice of the public sale to be given (the “Notice of Sale”); and (e) provide for such other matters 
pertaining to the public sale as he deems necessary or desirabl e.  The Designated Representative 
shall cause notice of the public sale to be given and provide f or such other matters pertaining to 
the public sale as she deems necessary or desirable.   
Upon the date and time established for the receipt of bids for the Bonds, the Designated 
Representative or his designee shall open the bids and shall ca use the bids to be mathematically 
verified.  The Designated Repres entative will approve the bid o ffering to purchase the Bonds at 
the lowest true interest cost to the City at such price as shall be determined at the time of sale by  -51- P:\17035_LDM\17035_0DF 
the Designated Representative, plus accrued interest to the dat e of delivery, on all the terms and 
conditions set out in the applicable Notice of Sale. 
All bids submitted for the purchase the Bonds shall be as set f orth in the applicable 
Notice of Sale or otherwise as established by the Designated Re presentative which will be 
furnished upon request made to the Designated Representative.  Such successful bidder shall, 
within three hours of the award of the Bonds, make a good faith deposit by federal wire or by a 
cashier’s or certified check, made payable to the order of the City in an amount determined by 
the Designated Representative.  The good faith deposit of the successful bidder shall be security 
for the performance of its bid and shall be held as liquidated damages in case the successful 
bidder fails to take up and pay for the applicable series of th e Bonds within 45 days if tendered 
for delivery.  All bids submitted shall be opened (but not read  publicly) by the City.  The City 
reserves the right to reject any and all bids and to waive any irregularity or informality in any 
bid. 
Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this section, the Designated 
Representative is hereby authorized to accept an Approved Bid i n a Competitive Sale and/or 
execute the final form of a Bond Purchase Contract in a Negotia ted Sale, upon his approval of 
the number of series, the series designation, the final princip al amounts of the Bonds (within the 
parameters established in this s ection), date of the Bonds, int erest rates, payment dates, 
redemption provisions, and maturity dates of such bonds set for th therein.  Following the sale of 
the Bonds of a series, the Design ated Representative shall prov ide a report to the Council, 
describing the final terms of such Bonds approved pursuant to t he authority delegated in this 
section.    -52- P:\17035_LDM\17035_0DF 
 (b) Delivery of Bonds; Documentation.  Upon the passage and approval of this 
ordinance, the proper officials of the City including the Desig nated Representative, are 
authorized and directed to undertake all action necessary for t he prompt execution and delivery 
of the Bonds to the successful bidder thereof and further to ex ecute all closing certificates and 
documents required to effect the closing and delivery of the Bo nds.  In furtherance of the 
foregoing, the Designated Representative is authorized to appro ve and enter into agreements for 
the payment of costs of issuance, including underwriter’s disco unt, the fees and expenses 
specified in the Bond Purchase Contract or Notice of Sale, including fees and expenses of 
underwriter and other retained services, including Bond Counsel, financial advisor, rating 
agencies, fiscal agency, and other expenses customarily incurred in connection with issuance and 
sale of bonds.   
(c) Preliminary and Final Official Statements.  The Designated Representative is 
hereby authorized to deem final the preliminary Official Statem ent relating to the Bonds for the 
purposes of the Rule.  The Designated Representative is further  authorized to ratify and to 
approve for purposes of the Rule, on behalf of the City, the Of ficial Statement relating to the 
issuance and sale of the Bonds and the distribution of the Offi cial Statement pursuant thereto 
with such changes, if any, as may be deemed by him to be appropriate. 
Section 16. Disposition of Bond Proceeds.   
(a) Reserve Account.  The portion of the Bonds, if any, designated by the Designat ed 
Representative shall be deposited into the Reserve Account whic h shall be sufficient to meet the 
Reserve Requirement.  
(b) 2014 Construction Account.  An account shall be established and designated as 
the “2014 Construction Account” within the Water and Wastewater Fund, into which the balance  -53- P:\17035_LDM\17035_0DF 
of the net proceeds of the Bonds shall be deposited.  Money on hand in the 2014 Construction 
Account shall be used to pay the costs of or reimbursement for the costs of the Projects and costs 
of issuance of the Bonds.  The City hereby declares its officia l intent to reimburse itself for any 
expenditures that it makes on the Project prior to issuing the Bonds. The City understands that 
proceeds of the Bonds may only be used to reimburse expenditures paid no earlier than sixty (60) 
days prior to the date of the adoption of this ordinance.  The City further understands that the use 
of proceeds of the Bonds to reimburse an expenditure may occur no later than eighteen (18) 
months after the date of such expenditure.   
Money in the 2014 Construction Account shall be invested in suc h obligations as may 
now or hereafter be permitted to the City by law and City polic ies.  Any part of the proceeds of 
the Bonds remaining in the 2014 Construction Account after all costs of the Projects have been 
paid (including costs of issuance) shall be transferred to the Revenue Bond Fund for the uses and 
purposes therein provided.  
(c) The proceeds of the Bonds are restricted for use solely as stated herein and as 
such are not eligible appropriations subject to the one percent  for arts appropriation pursuant to 
SMC 7.06.420.  
Section 17. Undertaking to Provide Ongoing Disclosure.  The Des ignated 
Representative is hereby authorized to enter into a written und ertaking for the benefit of the 
owners of the Bonds as required by Section (b)(5) of the Rule ( the “Continuing Disclosure 
Agreement”).  The Continuing Disclosure Agreement constitutes t he City's written undertaking 
for the benefit of the owners (including Beneficial Owners) of the Bonds as required by Section 
(b)(5) of the Rule.  -54- P:\17035_LDM\17035_0DF 
 Section 18. Amendments. 
 (a) The Council from time to time and at any time may pass an ordinance or 
ordinances supplemental hereof, which ordinance or ordinances t hereafter shall become a part of 
this ordinance, for any one or more or all of the following purposes: 
  (1) To add to the covenants and agreements of the City in thi s ordinance, 
other covenants and agreements thereafter to be observed, which shall not adversely affect the 
interests of the holders of any Parity Bonds, or to surrender any right or power herein reserved. 
  (2) To make such provisions for the purpose of curing any amb iguities or of 
curing, correcting or supplementi ng any defective provision con tained in this ordinance or any 
ordinance authorizing future Parity Bonds in regard to matters or questions arising under such 
ordinances as the Council may deem necessary or desirable and n ot inconsistent with such 
ordinances and which shall not adversely affect, in any materia l respect, the interest of the 
holders of Parity Bonds. 
 Any such supplemental ordinance may be adopted without the con sent of the holders of 
any Parity Bonds at any time outst anding, notwithstanding any o f the provisions of 
subsection (b) of this section. 
 (b) With the consent of the holders of not less than 60% in ag gregate principal 
amount of the Parity Bonds at the time outstanding, the Council  m a y  p a s s  a n  o r d i n a n c e  o r  
ordinances supplemental hereto for the purpose of adding any pr ovisions to or changing in any 
manner or eliminating any of the provisions of this ordinance o r of any supplemental ordinance; 
provided, however, that no such supplemental ordinance shall: 
  (1) Extend the fixed maturity of any Parity Bonds, or reduce the rate of 
interest thereon, or extend the time of payment of interest from their due date, or reduce the  -55- P:\17035_LDM\17035_0DF 
amount of the principal thereof, or reduce any premium payable on the redemption thereof, 
without the consent of the holder of each bond so affected; or 
  (2) Reduce the aforesaid percentage of bondholders required t o approve any 
such supplemental ordinance, without the consent of the holders  of all of the Parity Bonds then 
outstanding. 
 It shall not be necessary for the consent of bondholders under  this subsection (b) to 
approve the particular form of any proposed supplemental ordina nce, but it shall be sufficient if 
such consent shall approve the substance thereof.   
For the purpose of consenting to  amendments under this Section 18(b) except for 
amendments that alter the inte rest rate on any Parity Bonds, th e maturity date, interest payment 
dates, purchase upon tender or redemption of any Parity Bonds, the issuer of a Credit Facility 
shall be deemed to be the sole Registered Owner of the Parity B onds that are payable from such 
Credit Facility and that are then outstanding. 
 (c) Upon the passage of any supplemental ordinance pursuant to  the provisions of this 
section, this ordinance shall be  deemed to be modified and amended in accordance therewith, 
and the respective rights, duties and obligations of the City u nder this ordinance and all holders 
of Parity Bonds outstanding hereu nder shall thereafter be deter mined, exercised and enforced 
thereunder, subject in all resp ects to such modification and am endments, and all terms and 
conditions of any such supplemental ordinance shall be deemed to be part of the terms and 
conditions of this ordinance for any and all purposes. 
 Section 19. Severability.  If any provision in this ordinance is declared by any court of 
competent jurisdiction to be contrary to law, then such provisi on shall be null and void and shall  -56- P:\17035_LDM\17035_0DF 
be deemed separable from the remaining provision of this ordina nce and shall in no way affect 
the validity of the other provisions of this ordinance or of the Bonds.   
 Section 20. Effective Date.  T he Council hereby finds and determines that the issuance 
and sale of the Bonds at this time will benefit the City by all owing the City to take advantage of 
current interest rates for tax-exempt bonds.  In making such fi nding and determination, the 
Council has given consideration to the interest that will be pa yable on the Bonds through the 
maturity of the Bonds, the costs of issuance of the Bonds and t h e  i n c o m e  t h a t  w i l l  b e  e a r n e d  
from investing the portion of the  proceeds of the sale of the B onds until applied to pay Project 
costs.  In order to take advantage of current interest rates, i t is essential to accept the Bond 
Purchase Contract or Approved Bid to purchase the Bonds as quic kly as possible.  Based upon 
said facts, an emergency and urgency is declared and found to e xist as necessary for the 
immediate support of City govern ment and its existing public in stitutions.  Based upon said 
emergency and urgency, this ordinance shall become effective immediately upon its passage. 
PASSED by the City Council of the City of Spokane, Washington, at a regular meeting 
thereof, held on October 27, 2014. 
 
CITY OF SPOKANE 
Spokane County, Washington 
 
 
       
Ben Stuckart, Council President 
 
ATTEST: 
 
 
  
Terri L. Pfister, Clerk 
 
 
(SEAL)  -57- P:\17035_LDM\17035_0DF 
       
David A. Condon, Mayor  
 
 
APPROVED AS TO FORM: 
 
 
       
Nancy Isserlis, City Attorney 
 
 
  
Laura McAloon, Bond Counsel   P:\17035_LDM\17035_0DF 
CERTIFICATE 
 
 I DO HEREBY CERTIFY that I am t he duly chosen, qualified and a cting Clerk of the 
City of Spokane, Washington (the “City”), and keeper of the rec ords of the City Council (the 
“Council”); and 
 I HEREBY CERTIFY: 
 1. That the attached ordinance is a true and correct copy of Ordinance No. C- ____ 
of the City (the “Ordinance”), as finally passed at a regular m eeting of the Council held on the 
27th day of October, 2014, and duly recorded in my office. 
 2. That said meeting was duly convened and held in all respect s in accordance with 
law, and to the extent required by law, due and proper notice o f such meeting was given; that a 
quorum was present throughout the meeting and a legally suffici ent number of members of the 
Council voted in the proper manner for the passage of the Ordin ance; that all other requirements 
and proceedings incident to the proper passage of the Ordinance  have been duly fulfilled, carried 
out and otherwise observed, and that I am authorized to execute this certificate. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have he reunto set my hand this ___ of October, 2014. 
 
 
       
City Clerk  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
APPENDIX B 
 
 
 
FORM OF LEGAL OPINION 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[This page intentionally left blank.] K&L GATES LLP 
618 WEST RIVERSIDE AVENUE 
SUITE 300 
SPOKANE, WA 99201-5102 
T +1 509 624 2100    F +1 509 456 0146  klgates.com 
 
 
 
 
 
December 2, 2014 
 
City of Spokane, Washington 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Inc. 
New York, New York 
 
Re: City of Spokane, Washington, Water and Wastewater System Revenue Bonds, 
2014 (Green Bonds) - $181,225,000 
 
Ladies and Gentlemen: 
 
 We have acted as bond counsel to the City of Spokane, Washington (the “City”), and 
have examined a certified transcript of all of the proceedings taken in the matter of the issuance 
by the City of its Water and Wastewater System Revenue Bonds, 2014, in the aggregate 
principal amount of $181,225,000 (the “Bonds”) issued pursuant to Ordinance No. C35170 of 
the City (the “Bond Ordinance”) for the purpose of providing fu nds for the acquisition, 
construction and installation of certain additions and betterme n t s  t o  t h e  C i t y ’ s  w a t e r  a n d  
wastewater systems, the improvement of the water quality of the  Spokane River, and paying the 
costs of issuance of the Bonds.   Capitalized terms used in this  opinion have the meanings given 
such terms in the Bond Ordinance. 
 
 The Bonds are subject to redemption as provided in the Bond Or dinance and Notice of 
Sale. 
 
 Regarding questions of fact material to our opinion, we have r elied on representations of 
the City in the Bond Ordinance and in the certified proceedings  and on other certifications of 
public officials and others furnished to us without undertaking to verify the same by independent 
investigation. 
 
 Based on the foregoing, we are of the opinion that, under exis ting law: 
 
 1. The Bonds have been legally issued and constitute valid and  binding special 
obligations of the City, both principal thereof and interest th ereon being payable solely out of a 
special fund of the City known as the “Water-Wastewater Revenue  Bond Fund” (the “Revenue 
Bond Fund”), except to the extent that the enforcement of the rights and remedies of such owners 
of the Bonds may be limited by laws relating to bankruptcy, reo rganization, insolvency, 
moratorium or other similar laws  of general application affecting the rights of creditors, by the 
application of equitable principles and the exercise of judicial discretion. 
 
 2. The City has irrevocably bound itself to set aside and pay into the Revenue Bond 
Fund and the Reserve Account, if required, out of the Revenues of the System on hand in the 
B-1City of Spokane, Washington 
Citigroup Global Markets Inc. 
December 2, 2014 
Page 2 
 
 
 
Revenue Fund of the City, amounts sufficient to pay the princip al of and interest on the Bonds 
prior to the respective dates such payments become due. 
 
 3. The City has further pledged that the amounts pledged to be paid into the Revenue 
Bond Fund from the Revenue Fund are hereby declared to be a lie n and charge upon the 
Revenue of the System junior in lien to the Costs of Maintenance and Operation, equal to the lien 
of the charges upon such Revenue which may hereafter be made to  pay and secure the payment 
of the principal of and interest on any Future Parity Bonds, an d prior and superior to all other 
charges of any kind or nature whatsoever.  The City has reserved the right in the Bond Ordinance 
to issue Future Parity Bonds. 
 
 4. Interest on the Bonds is excludable from gross income for f ederal income tax 
purposes and is not an item of tax preference for purposes of t he federal alternative minimum tax 
imposed on individuals and corporations; however, interest on the Bonds is taken into account in 
determining adjusted current earnings for the purpose of computing the alternative minimum tax 
imposed on certain corporations.  The opinion set forth in the preceding sentence is subject to the 
condition that the City comply w ith all requirements of the Int ernal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended (the “Code”), that must be satisfied subsequent to the issuance of the Bonds in order 
that the interest thereon be, and continue to be, excludable fr om gross income for federal income 
tax purposes. The City has covenanted to comply with all applic able requirements.  Failure to 
comply with certain of such covenants may cause interest on the Bonds to be included in gross 
income for federal income tax purposes retroactively to the date of issuance of the Bonds. 
 
 The City has not designated the Bonds as “qualified tax-exempt  obligations” within the 
meaning of Section 265(b)(3) of the Code. 
 
 Except as expressly stated above, we express no opinion regard ing any other federal or 
state income tax consequences of acquiring, carrying, owning or  disposing of the Bonds.  
Owners of the Bonds should consult their tax advisors regarding  the applicability of any 
collateral tax consequences of owning the Bonds, which may incl ude original issue discount, 
original issue premium, purchase at a market discount or at a p remium, taxation upon sale, 
redemption or other disposition, the extent to which interest on the Bonds is included in adjusted 
current earnings for the purposes of computing the federal alternative minimum tax imposed on 
certain corporations and various withholding requirements. 
 
 This opinion is given as of the date hereof and we assume no o bligation to update, revise 
or supplement this opinion to reflect any facts or circumstance s that may hereafter come to our 
attention or any changes in law that may hereafter occur. 
 
Very truly yours, 
 
K&L
 GATES LLP 
B-2 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
APPENDIX C 
 
 
 
2013 AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[This page intentionally left blank.] 
CITY OF SPOKANE 
FINANCE DEPARTMENT 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Comprehensive Annual Financial Report 
 
For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2013 
 
  
City of Spokane 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Report Prepared By: 
 
Finance Department 
Gavin Cooley, CFO 
 
Accounting Department 
Pamela Dolan, CPA, Director 
Kim Bustos, CPA, Chief Accountant 
 
 
 
A special thank you to the City’s accounting staff for their assistance in compiling this report. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
C-1City of Spokane 
 
Table of Contents  i 
 
COMPREHENSIVE ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 
For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2013 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
INTRODUCTORY SECTION 
 
Organization Chart     ........................................................................................................ ..............  2 
List of Elected Officials   .....................................................................................................................  3 
 
 
FINANCIAL SECTION ........................................................................................................  5 
 
Independent Auditor’s Report ............................................................................................................  7 
 
Management’s Discussion and Analysis  ..........................................................  11 
 
Basic Financial Statements ..........................................................................................  29 
 
Government-Wide Financial Statements 
 Statement of Net Position .................................................................................................... .  31 
 Statement of Activities ...........................................................................................................  32 
 
Governmental Fund Financial Statements 
 Balance Sheet .......................................................................................................................  37 
 Statement of Revenues, Expenditures, and Changes in Fund Balances .............................  38 
 Reconciliation of the Balance Sheet to the Statement of Net Position .................................  39 
 Reconciliation of the Statement of  Revenues, Expenditures, and Changes 
   In Fund Balances of Governmental Fund s to the Statement of Activities ...............  40 
 
Proprietary Fund Financial Statements 
 Statement of Net Position .................................................................................................... .  41 
 Statement of Revenues, Expenses, and Changes in Fund Net Position .............................  43 
 Statement of Cash Flows ......................................................................................................  44 
 
Fiduciary Fund Financial Statements 
 Statement of Fiduciary Net Position ......................................................................................  45 
 Statement of Changes in Fi duciary Net Position ..................................................................  46 
 
Notes to the Financial Statements .....................................................................................................  47 
  
City of Spokane 
 
ii  Table of Contents 
 
Required Supplementary Information ..................................................................  99 
 
Statement of Revenues, Expenditures, and Changes in Fund Balance – Budget and Actual 
 General Fund Accounts ........................................................................................................   100 
 
Pension Plan Information 
 Schedule of Funding Progress – Em ployees’ Retirement System .......................................  101 
 Schedule of Funding Progress – Firefighters’ Pensio n Fund ...............................................  101 
 Schedule of Funding Progress – Police Pension Fund ........................................................  102 
 Schedule of Employer Contributions – Employees’ Retirement System ..............................  103 
 Schedule of Employer contributions – Firefighters’ Pens ion Fund .......................................  103 
 Schedule of Employer Contributio ns – Police Pension Fund ...............................................  103 
 
Other Postemployment Benefit Information 
 Other Post Employment Benefit s –Schedule of Funding Progress 
  Firefighters’ Pension Fund .......................................................................................  104 
 Other Post Employment Benefit s –Schedule of Funding Progress 
  Police Pension Fund ................................................................................................  104 
 Other Post Employment Benefits –S chedule of Employer Contributions 
  Firefighters’ Pension Fund .......................................................................................  105 
 Other Post Employment Benefits –S chedule of Employer Contributions 
  Police Pension Fund ................................................................................................  105 
 
Notes to the Required Supplementary Information ............................................................................  1 06 
 
Schedules  ..........................................................................................................................  10 7 
 
Combining Schedules for General Fund Accounts 
 Balance Sheet .......................................................................................................................  109 
 Statement of Revenues, Expenditures, and Changes in F und Balance ...............................  111 
 Statement of Revenues, Expenditures, and Changes in Fund Balance – Budget and Actual 113 
 
Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements ...........................  125 
 
Governmental Funds 
Nonmajor Governmental Funds .........................................................................................................  127 
 Combining Bala nce Sheet ....................................................................................................  128 
 Combining Statement of Revenues, Expenditu res and Changes in Fund Balances ...........  129 
 
Nonmajor Special Revenue Funds ....................................................................................................  131 
 Combining Bala nce Sheet ....................................................................................................  136 
 Combining Statement of Revenues, Expenditu res and Changes in Fund Balances ...........  143 
 Combining Statement of Revenues, Ex penditures and Changes in Fund Balances 
  Budget and Ac tual ....................................................................................................  150 
  
C-2City of Spokane 
 
Table of Contents  iii 
 
 
Nonmajor Debt Service Funds ...........................................................................................................  193 
 Combining Bala nce Sheet ....................................................................................................  194 
 Combining Statement of Revenues, Expenditu res and Changes in Fund Balances ...........  195 
 Combining Statement of Revenues, Ex penditures and Changes in Fund Balances 
  Budget and Ac tual ....................................................................................................  196 
 
Nonmajor Capital Projects Funds ......................................................................................................  203 
 Combining Bala nce Sheet ....................................................................................................  205 
 Combining Statement of Revenues, Expenditu res and Changes in Fund Balances ...........  208 
 Combining Statement of Revenues, Ex penditures and Changes in Fund Balances 
  Budget and Ac tual ....................................................................................................  211 
 
Proprietary Funds 
Nonmajor Enterprise Funds ...............................................................................................................  229 
 Combining Statement of Net Position ...................................................................................  230 
 Combining Statement of Revenues, Expenses and Changes in Fund Net Position ............  231 
 Combining Statement of Cash Flows ....................................................................................  232 
 
Internal Service Funds .......................................................................................................................  233 
 Combining Statement of Net Position ...................................................................................  234 
 Combining Statement of Revenues, Expenses and Changes in Fund Net Position ............  236 
 Combining Statement of Cash Flows ....................................................................................  238 
 
Fiduciary Funds ...............................................................................................................................  241 
Pension Trust Funds  
 Combining Statement of Plan Net Position ...........................................................................  243 
 Combining Statement of Changes in Plan Net Position .......................................................  244 
 
Agency Funds 
 Combining Statement of Net Position ...................................................................................  245 
 Combining Statement of Chang es in Net Position ................................................................  247 
 
STATISTICAL SECTION...................................................................................................  249 
 
Narrative .............................................................................................................................................  251 
 
Financial Trends 
 Schedule 1 Net Position by Component ........................................................................  252 
 Schedule 2 Change in Net Position ...............................................................................  254 
 Schedule 3 Fund Balance, Go vernmental Funds ..........................................................  258 
 Schedule 4 Change in Fund Balance, All Governmental  Funds....................................  260 
 
Revenue Capacity 
 Schedule 5 Assessed Value and Estimated Ac tual Value of Taxable Property ............  262 
 Schedule 6 Direct and Overlappi ng Property Tax Rates ...............................................  264 
 Schedule 7 Principal Proper ty Tax Taxpayers ...............................................................  266 
 Schedule 8 Property Tax Levie s and Collections ..........................................................  268 
City of Spokane 
 
iv  Table of Contents 
 
 Schedule 9 Sales Subject to Retail Sales Tax by In dustry ............................................  270 
 Schedule 10 Direct and Overla pping Sales Tax Rates ....................................................  272 
 Schedule 11 Number of Retail Sa les Taxpayers by Industry ..........................................  274 
  
Debt Capacity 
 Schedule 12 Ratios of Outstanding Debt by  Type ...........................................................  276 
 Schedule 13 Legal Debt Margin Information ....................................................................  278 
 Schedule 14 Pledged Rev enue Coverage .......................................................................  280 
 
Demographic Information 
 Schedule 15 Demographic and Ec onomic Statistics .......................................................  282 
 Schedule 16 Population Comparison ...............................................................................  282 
 Schedule 17 Annual Avera ge Civilian Labor Force Unemployment Rates .....................  284 
 Schedule 18 Principal  Employers ....................................................................................  286 
 
Operating Information 
 Schedule 19 Full Time Equiva lent Staff Comparison ......................................................  287 
 Schedule 20 Operating and Capital Asset Indi cators by Function – General Government 288 
 Schedule 21 Operating and Capital Asset Indicators by Function – Public Safety .........  290 
 Schedule 22 Operating and Capital Asset Indicators by Function – Transportation .......  292 
 Schedule 23 Operating and Capital Asset Indicators by Function – Utilities Environment 294 
 Schedule 24 Operating and Capital Asset Indica tors by Function – Culture & Recreation 296 
 
 
C-3City of Spokane 
 
Introductory Section 1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Introductory Section 
  
City of Spokane 
 
2  Introductory Section 
 
 
  
CITY OF SPOKANE 
I 
CITY COUNCIL 
I I 
MAYOR ---- ---------- -----------------I MUNICIPAlC DUR T 
H Mayors Otfooe 
I ,., I PROSA 
I CIVIL SERVICE I H Commun ication 
I "'" I I 
LEGAL I 
& Public Atfairs ADMINISTRATOR CITY ATTORNEY 'S 
I I 
OFFICE 
I PUBLIC DEFE RETIREMENT 
H 
City Clerk 
I 
Prosec utors 
I I I 
o,~ 
OPO COMMISSION 
,~, 
MOERS 
~ Government & 
Muhicuhu<'31 
Affairs 
--------
L II II II 
Parks & 
II 
Human 
II II 
Bu. lneu & 
II 
Community & 
II 
Police ". Umltle s Recreation Resourc es Fin ance Developer Nelghborflood 
5. ",lc .. Servlc •• 
I 
Field 
I I 
Sol id Waste 
II 
Fir\8nce & 
I I 
Mgm! ,\ S edge ! 
II 
Plann1no & 
I 
Community . 
Operat ions ..,m' '",,"' Development Housing & 
Human 
I I L 
Regional Solid II I I II I 
Services 
Tactical Eogir.eering 
Operations Operations Accounbng SeMces Was!e Mgml 
Neighborhood 
I I II I 
SefVK:e3 & 
In'le.tOgations 
I 
Waste Water Reerea!>on 
I 
Information II Development Coo. ",m, Tll'CIInology Services Ce nter Enlomemen ! 
B USineSS Water& Treasurer. 
II 
Asset Mgmt 
Service. Hy<:Iroele¢1ric Ollice Group 
Communication Flee t Serv ices Risk Mgml 
II ,,-
Histolic 
Preserv atian 
SREeS 
C-4City of Spokane 
 
Introductory Section 3 
 
City Elected Officials 
As of December 31, 2013 
 
      
M a y o r         C i t y  C o u n c i l  P r e s i d e n t  
David Condon       Ben Stuckart 
 
    
Council Member, District 1 Council Member, District 1 Council Member, District 2 
Amber Waldref   Mike Fagan   Jon Snyder 
 
   
Council Member, District 2 Council Member, District 3 Council Member, District 3 
Mike Allen   Steve Salvatori   Nancy McLaughlin 
 
City of Spokane 
 
4  Introductory Section 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
This page intentionally left blank. 
 
 
C-5City of Spokane 
 
Financial Section 5 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Financial Section 
  
City of Spokane 
 
6  Financial Section 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
This page intentionally left blank. 
 
  
C-6City of Spokane 
 
Financial Section 7 
 
 
  
Washington State Auditor 
Troy Kelley 
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT 
September 23, 2014 
Mayor and City Council 
City of Spokane 
Spokane, Washington 
REPORT ON FINANC IAL STATEMENTS 
We have audited the accompanying financial statements of the governmental activities, the 
business-type activities, each major fund and the aggregate remaining fund information of the 
City of Spokane, Spokane County, Washington, as of and for the year ended December 31 , 2013, 
and the related notes to the financial statements, which collectively comprise the City's basic 
financial statements as listed in the table of contents. 
Mllllugemelll's R(!!Jponsihility for ,lfe Financial Stutemcnts 
Management is rcsJxmsible for the preparation and fair presentation of these financial statements 
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America; this 
includes the design, implementation, and maintenance of internal control relevant to the 
preparation and fair presentation of financial statcments that are free from material misstatement, 
whcther due to fraud or error, 
Auditor 's Respollsibility 
Our responsibility is to express opinions on these financial statements based on our audit. We 
conducted our audit in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United 
States of America and the standards applicable to financial audits contained in Government 
Auditing Standards , issued by the Comptroller General of the United States. Those standards 
require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the 
financial statements are free from material misstatement. 
An audit involves perfonning procedures to obtain audit evidence about the amounts and 
disclosures in the financial statements. The procedures selected depend on the auditor's 
judgment, including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the financial 
statements, whether due to fraud or error. In making those risk assessments, the auditor 
insu"""" Building, po. Box 40021 • Olympia. W.ohinilOl 98~()4-OOl1 • (360) 902..(137(1 • IDD Reilly (SOD) 833~g 
City of Spokane 
 
8  Financial Section 
 
 
  
considers internal control relevant to the City's preparation and fair presentation of the financial 
statements in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not 
for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the City's internal control. 
Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes evaluating the appropriateness 
of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of significant accounting estimates made by 
management, as weI! as evaluating the overal! presentation of the financial statements. 
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a 
basis for our audit opinions. 
Opinion 
In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, 
the respective financial position of the governmental activities, the business-type activities, each 
major fund and the aggregate remaining fund information of the City of Spokane, Spokane 
County, Washington, as of December 31, 2013, and the respective changes in financial position 
and, where applicable, cash flows thereof for the year then ended in accordance with accounting 
principles general!y accepted in the United States of America. 
Other Maners 
Required Supplementary In/ormation 
Accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America require that the 
management's discussion and analysis on pages II through 28, budgetary comparison 
information on p age 100, pension trust fund information and information on postemployment 
benefits other than pensions on pages 101 through 106 be presented 10 supplement the basic 
financial statements. Such information, although not a part of the basic financial statements, is 
required by the Governmental Accounting Standards Board who considers it to be an essential 
part of financial reporting for placing the basic financial statements in an appropriate operational, 
economic or historical context. We have applied certain limited procedures to the required 
supplementary information in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the 
United States of America, which consisted of inquiries of management about the melhods of 
preparing the information and comparing the information for consistency with management's 
responses to our inquiries, the basic financial statentents, and other knowledge we obtained 
during our audit of the basic financial statements. We do not express an opinion or provide any 
assurance on the information because the limited procedures do not provide us with sufficient 
evidence to express an opinion or provide any assurance. 
Supplementary and Other In/ormation 
Our audit was conducted for the purpose of forming opinions on the fmancial statements that 
collectively comprise the City's basic financial statements. The accompanying information 
listed as combining and individual fund financial statements on pages 125 through 248 is 
presented for purposes of additional analysis and is not a required part of the basic financial 
statements. Such information is the responsibility of management and was derived from and 
relates directly to the underlying accounting and other records used to prepare the financial 
statements. This information has been subjected to auditing procedures applied in the audit of 
the basic financial statentents and certain additional procedures, including comparing and 
reconciling such infonnat ion directly to the underlying accounting and other records used to 
C-7City of Spokane 
 
Financial Section 9 
 
 
 
  
prepare the financial statements or to the financial statements themselves, and other additional 
procedures in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of 
America. In our opinion, the information is fairly stated, in all material respects, in relation to 
the basic financial statements taken as a whole. 
The information identified in the tablc of contents as the Introductory and Statistical Sections are 
presented for purposes of additional analysis and is not a required part of the basic financial 
statcments of the City. The information identified in the table of contents on pages 107 through 
124 as the Combining Schedules for General Fund Accounts are presented for purposes of 
additional analysis and are not a required part of the basic financial statements. Such 
information has not been subjected to the auditing procedures applied in the audit of the basic 
financial statements and, accordingly, we do not express an opinion or provide any assurance on 
it. 
OTHER REPORTING REQUIRED BY GOVERNMENT AUDITI NG 
STANDARDS 
In accordance with Government Auditing Standards, we wiU also issue our rcport dated 
September 23, 2014, on our consideration of the City's internal control over financial reporting 
and on our tests of its compliance with certain provisions of laws, regulations, contracts and 
grant agreements and other matters. That report will be issued under separate cover in the City's 
Single Audit Report. The purpose of that report is to describe the scope of our testing of internal 
control over financial reporting and contpliance and the results of that testing, and not to provide 
an opinion on internal control over financial reporting or on compliance. ThaI report is an 
integral part of an audit perfonned in accordance with Government Auditing Standards m 
considering the City'S internal control over financial reporting and compliance. 
Sincerely, 
TROY KELLEY 
STATE AUDITOR 
City of Spokane 
 
10  Financial Section 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
This page intentionally left blank. 
 
 
C-8City of Spokane 
 
Management’s Discussion and Analysis 11 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MD&A 
Management’s Discussion and Analysis 
  
City of Spokane 
 
12 Management’s Discussion and Analysis 
 
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 
 
Within this section of the City of Spokane, Washi ngton (the City)’s annual finan cial report, the City’s 
management is pleased to provide this narrative discuss ion and analysis of the financial activities of the 
City as of and for the fiscal year ended December  31, 2013.  The City’s financial performance is 
discussed and analyzed within the context of the accompanying financial statements and disclosures 
following this section. 
 
Financial Highlights 
 The City’s assets exceeded its liabilities by $2,268. 5 million (net position) for the fiscal year reported. 
 
 Total net position is comprised of the following: 
 
(1) Net investment in capital assets of $2, 035.5 million includes property, equipment and 
infrastructure, net of accumulated depreciation , and is reduced for outstanding debt related to 
the purchase or construction of capital assets. 
(2) Net position of $74.0 million is restricted by constraints imposed from outside the City such as 
debt covenants, grantors, laws, or regulations. 
(3) Unrestricted net position of $159.0 million represen ts the portion available to maintain the City’s 
continuing obligations to citizens and creditors. 
 
 The City’s governmental funds reported a total ending fund balance of $142.8 million this year, a 
decrease of $7.9 million from the prior year, which is primarily due to a reduction of $3.8 million in the 
sale of fixed assets and a net reduction of $4.1 million in transfers in/out. 
 
 At the end of the current fiscal year, fund balance for the General Fund totaled $33.9 million, 
excluding the nonspendable and restricted categories, which is 25% of General Fund expenditures 
excluding transfers. 
 
 Overall, the City maintained its strong financial po sition in 2013, and is continuing to maintain a stable 
financial outlook, despite ongoing budgetary pressures related to the slow economic recovery. 
 
The above financial highlights are explained in more detail in the “financial analysis” section of this 
document. 
 
Overview of the Financial Statements 
This Management Discussion and Analysis document in troduces the City’s basic financial statements.  
The basic financial statements include:  (1) gover nment-wide financial statements, (2) fund financial 
statements, and (3) notes to the basic financial stat ements.  The City also includes in this report 
additional information to supplement the basic financial statements.  Comparative data is presented when 
available. 
 
Government-wide Financial Statements 
The City’s annual report includes two government-wi de financial statements.  These statements provide 
both long-term and short-term informat ion about the City's overall financia l status.  Financial reporting at 
this level uses a perspective similar to that found in the private sector with its basis in accrual accounting 
and elimination or reclassification of activities between funds. 
 
The first of these government-wide statements is the Statement of Net Position.  This is the government-
wide statement of position presenting information that includes all of the City’s assets  and liabilities, with 
the difference reported as net position.  Over time, increases or decreases in net position may serve as a 
C-9City of Spokane 
 
Management’s Discussion and Analysis 13 
 
useful indicator of whether the finan cial position of the City as a whole is improving or deteriorating.  
Evaluation of the overall health of the City woul d extend to other nonfinancial factors such as 
diversification of the taxpayer base  or the condition of City infrastructure, in addition to the financial 
information provided in this report. 
 
The second government-wide statement is the Statement of Activities, which reports how the City’s net 
position changed during the current fiscal year.  All current year revenues and expenses are included 
regardless of when cash is received or paid.  An important purpose of the de sign of the statement of 
activities is to show the financial reliance of the City's  distinct activities or functions on revenues provided 
by the City's taxpayers. 
 
Both government-wide financial statements distinguish governmental activities of the City that are 
principally supported by property, sales and utility taxes from business-type activities that are intended to 
recover all or a significant portion of their costs through user fees and charges.  Governmental activities 
include general government, judicial, public safety , physical environment, transportation, health and 
human services, economic environment, and culture and re creation.  Business-type activities include the 
utility services, golf courses, and the building services funds.  The internal service funds provide services 
to other funds within the City and the majority of thes e activities are reported in governmental activities at 
the government-wide financial reporting level. 
 
The government-wide financial statements are presented on pages 29-34 of this report. 
 
Fund Financial Statements 
A fund is an accountability unit used to maintain contro l over resources segregated for specific activities 
or objectives.  The City uses funds to ensure a nd demonstrate compliance with finance-related laws and 
regulations.  Within the basic financial statements, fund financial statements focus on the City’s most 
significant funds rather than the City as a whole.  Ma jor funds are separately reported while all others are 
combined into a single, aggregated presentation.  In dividual fund data for non-major funds is provided in 
the form of combining statements in a later section of this report. 
 
The City has three kinds of funds: 
 
Governmental funds are reported in the fund financial statements and encompass the same functions 
reported as governmental activities in the government-wide financial statements.  However, the focus is 
very different with fund statements providing a distinctive view of the City’s governmental funds.  These 
statements report short-term fiscal accountabilit y focusing on the use of spendable resources and 
balances of spendable resource s available at the end of the year.  They are useful in evaluating annual 
financing requirements of governmental programs a nd the commitment of spendable resources for the 
near-term. 
 
Since the government-wide focus includes the long-term view, comparisons between these two 
perspectives may provide insight into the long-term impact of short-term financing decisions.  Both the 
governmental fund balance sheet and the governmental fund operating statement provide a reconciliation 
to assist in understanding the differences between these two perspectives. 
 
Budgetary comparison statements are included as “basic financial statements” for the major 
governmental funds.  Budgetary comparison schedules for all other governmental funds can be found in a 
later section of this report.  These statements dem onstrate compliance with the City’s adopted and final 
revised budget. 
City of Spokane 
 
14 Management’s Discussion and Analysis 
 
 
The basic governmental fund financial statements are presented on pages 35-40 of this report. 
 
Individual fund information for non-major governmental funds is found in combining statements in a later 
section of this report. 
 
Proprietary funds are reported in the fund financial statement s and generally report services for which 
the City charges customers a fee.  T he City proprietary funds are classifi ed as either enterprise funds or 
internal service funds.  The enterprise funds esse ntially encompass the same functions reported as 
business-type activities in the government-wide statem ents.  The internal service funds provide services 
to other funds of the City. 
 
The basic proprietary fund financial statements are presented on pages 41-44 of this report.  
 
Fiduciary funds include three single-employer defined benefit pension plans for City employees as well 
as various agency funds.  The City reports these fund s however they are not available for City use.  The 
fund level financial statements for fiduciary funds are presented on pages 45-46  of this report.  
 
Notes To The Basic Financial Statements 
The accompanying notes to the financial statements pr ovide information essential to a full understanding 
of the government-wide and fund fina ncial statements.  The notes to the financial statements begin on 
page 47 of this report. 
 
Financial Analysis of the City as a Whole 
Over time, as year-to-year financial information is accumulated on a consistent basis, changes in net 
position may be observed and used to discuss the changing financial position of the City as a whole. 
 
The City’s net position at fiscal year-end is $2,268.5 million as shown below. 
 
Summary of Net Position (in thousands) 2013 2012 2013 2012 2013 2012 
ASSETS
Current and other assets 200,370$               210,729$               163,486$               154,888$               363,856$               365,617$               
Restricted assets -                          -                          10,505                    13,533                    10,505                    13,533                    
Capital assets 1,549,173              1,554,081              612,316                  615,240                  2,161,489              2,169,321              
Total assets 1,749,543              1,764,809              786,307                  783,661                  2,535,850              2,548,470              
LIABILITIES
Current liabilities 47,440                    49,190                    18,048                    16,492                    65,488                    65,683                    
Long-term liabilities 174,885                  185,400                  26,911                    30,259                    201,795                  215,660                  
Total liabilities 222,325                  234,590                  44,959                    46,752                    267,284                  281,342                  
NET POSITION
Net investment in capital assets 1,433,814              1,439,429              601,683                  610,788                  2,035,497              2,050,217              
Restricted 73,990                    89,631                    -                          13,471                    73,990                    103,102                  
Unrestricted 19,413                    1,159                      139,665                  112,650                  159,079                  113,809                  
Total net position 1,527,218$            1,530,219$            741,348$               736,909$               2,268,567$            2,267,128$            
Governmental Activities Business-Type Activities Total
 
 
  
C-10City of Spokane 
 
Management’s Discussion and Analysis 15 
 
The City continues to maintain a healthy current rati o.  The current ratio compares current assets to 
current liabilities and is an indication of the abilit y to pay current obligations .  The current ratio for 
governmental activities is 4.2 and 9.0 for business type ac tivities.  For the City overall, the current ratio is 
5.5.  We consider these ratios to be very strong. 
 
Governmental Activities 
Net position decreased $3.0 million for governmental activities.  The net reduction in net position of $4.1 
million is partially offset by a prior period increase of $1.1 million. 
 
The decrease of $15.6 million in restricted net position is due to an increase of $2.4 million for grants and 
debt and a decrease of $18.0 million attributable to net  losses related to street capital projects.  The 
cumulative effect of the restricted net position decr ease plus the changes in net position noted above is 
an increase in unrestricted net position for governmental activities of $18.2 million. 
 
Business-Type Activities 
Business activities’ net position showed an increase of $4.4 million that is due to the net income of the 
City’s water/sewer fund of $19.6 million in 2013 less a prior period adjustment of $15.2 million.  See Note 
14 for additional information on the City’s prior period adjustments. 
 
It should be noted that 94% of the governmental activities ’ net position is related to the net investment in 
capital assets (with 70% of the net investment in capital assets being infrastructure).  The City uses these 
capital assets to provide services to its citizens.  With business-type activities, the City has committed 
81% of its net position on capital (with 75% of the capital assets being infrastructure).  Capital assets in 
the business-type activities provide utility services, bu t they also generate revenues for these funds.  The 
net investment in capital assets makes up 90% of the City’s total net position. 
 
The following page provides a summary of the City’s changes in net position: 
 
Change in Net Position (in thousands) 2013 2012 2013 2012 2013 2012 
REVENUES
Program revenues:
   Charges for services 32,023$                  34,766$                  195,121$               188,003$               227,144                  222,769                  
   Operating grants and contributions 16,159                    19,280                    -                          -                          16,159                    19,280                    
   Capital grants and contributions 7,269                      11,297                    5,419                      7,486                      12,688                    18,783                    
General revenues: -                          -                          
   Taxes 177,840                  175,271                  -                          177,840                  175,271                  
   Interest and investment earnings 2,889                      3,308                      261                         681                         3,150                      3,990                      
   Net inc (dec) in fair value of investments (1,417)                    629                         (1,121)                    551                         (2,538)                     1,180                      
Total revenues 234,763                  244,551                  199,681                  196,721                  434,444                  441,272                  
EXPENSES
General government (15,181)                  (28,092)                  -                          -                          (15,181)                  (28,092)                  
Judicial (6,700)                    (7,451)                    -                          -                          (6,700)                     (7,451)                     
Public safety (109,027)                (114,361)                -                          -                          (109,027)                (114,361)                
Utilities environment -                          -                          -                          -                          -                          -                          
Transportation (48,666)                  (42,310)                  -                          -                          (48,666)                  (42,310)                  
Governmental Activities Business-Type Activities Total
 
 
City of Spokane 
 
16 Management’s Discussion and Analysis 
 
Change in Net Position (in thousands) 2013 2012 2013 2012 2013 2012 
Economic environment (22,153)                  (20,303)                  -                          -                          (22,153)                  (20,303)                  
Mental and physical health (118)                        (497)                        -                          -                          (118)                        (497)                        
Culture and recreation (29,133)                  (37,314)                  -                          -                          (29,133)                  (37,314)                  
Interest on long-t erm debt (7,995)                    (8,342)                    -                          -                          (7,995)                     (8,342)                     
Water/Sewer -                          -                          (97,160)                  (97,360)                  (97,160)                  (97,360)                  
Solid Waste -                          -                          (74,174)                  (73,192)                  (74,174)                  (73,192)                  
Other business-type activities -                          -                          (8,607)                    (6,723)                    (8,607)                     (6,723)                     
Total expenses (238,972)                (258,670)                (179,941)                (177,274)                (418,914)                (435,944)                
Excess (deficiency) of revenues over 
expenses before contributions & transfers (4,209)                    (14,119)                  19,740                    19,446                    15,531                    5,328                      
Transfers 49                            17                            (49)                          (17)                          -                          -                          
Increase (decrease) in net position (4,160)                    (14,101)                  19,690                    19,429                    15,531                    5,328                      
Net Position - January 1, as restated 1,531,378              1,544,320              721,658                  717,480                  2,253,036              2,261,800              
Net Position - December 31 1,527,218$            1,530,219$            741,348$               736,909$               2,268,567$            2,267,128$            
Governmental Activities Business-Type Activities Total
 
GOVERNMENTAL REVENUES 
 
The City is heavily reliant on three types of taxes to support governmental operations—more than 75% of 
the governmental activities revenue is derived from taxes.  Charges for services represented 14% of 
these revenues, grants and contributions represented 10%, and interest earnings made up the remaining 
1%. 
 
A breakdown of tax revenue is shown below. 
 
 
C-11City of Spokane 
 
Management’s Discussion and Analysis 17 
 
 
For governmental activities, program revenues cover approximately 23% of governmental operating 
expenses.  This means that the government’s taxpayers and the City’s other general revenues fund 77% 
of the governmental activities.  As a result, the general economy and the local businesses have a major 
impact on the City’s revenue streams. 
 
GOVERNMENTAL FUNCTIONAL EXPENSES 
 
Public safety continues to be a major priority of th e City followed by transportation (streets) and culture 
and recreation (parks and libraries).  At year-end, the allocation by program function is as follows: 
 
 
 
The following chart presents the revenues and expenses of each of the City’s pr ograms.  This net cost 
illustrates the financial burden that is placed on the City’s taxpayers by each of these functions. 
City of Spokane 
 
18 Management’s Discussion and Analysis 
 
 
 
Program revenues did not cover the program expense s in any function in 2013.  Of the capital 
contributions of $7.2 million, $2.0 m illion is related to Kendall Yards infrastructure from the Department of 
Commerce; $1.2 million is capital contributions in the City’s internal service funds, and $4.0 million is 
related to streets from the De partment of Transportation, t he Washington State Department of 
Transportation, and the Washington Transportation Improvement Board. 
 
BUSINESS-TYPE ACTIVITIES 
Revenues vs. Costs 
 
For all enterprise funds, the City reports a current ratio of 6.3 to 1, which is a healthy ratio.  The business-
type activities report capi talized assets of $612 million, which provide a variety of services to the citizens 
of Spokane as well as some populations outside the City limits. 
 
The business-type activities report $139 million in unrestricted net position, which provide these funds 
with adequate resources to maintain service levels and invest in future infrastructure requirements. 
 
The operating reve nues for the City’s four enter prise funds increase d by $8.9 million or 4.87% over the 
prior year, and operating expenses increased by $2.5 million or 1.4% over 2012.  The result is that 
operating income increased by $6.3 million ($14.6 million in 2013 compared to $8.3 million in 2012).  $6.2 
million of the increase in operating income is the result of increased operating revenue in the 
Water/Sewer fund due to increased water/sewer revenue and electric sales derived from the City’s 
hydroelectric plant.  $2.4 million of th e increase is due to in creased permits in the Building Services fund, 
and $.3 million of the increase is attributable to solid waste revenue. 
 
C-12City of Spokane 
 
Management’s Discussion and Analysis 19 
 
The chart below presents the revenues and expenses of each of the City’s business-type activities.  This 
net cost illustrates whether revenues are sufficient to meet current expenses. 
 
 
 
 
Financial Analysis of the City’s Funds  
 
Governmental funds 
As discussed, governmental funds are reported in the fund statements with a short-term inflow and 
outflow of spendable resources focus.  This information is useful in assessing resources available at the 
end of the year in comparison with upcoming financ ing requirements.  Governmental funds reported 
ending fund balance of $142. 8 million.  Of this total, $16.1 m illion is assigned and $16.2 million is 
unassigned.  This represents approximately 23% of the total fund balance, and this constitutes a fund 
balance that is accessible to meet the City’s needs.  The remainder of the governmental funds’ fund 
balance includes $5.2 million “not in spendable form” fo r items that are not expec ted to be converted to 
near-term cash such as inte rnal loans; $74.0 million restricted by external par ties, including grantors and 
creditors, and $31.3 million committed by the City’s elected officials for specific purposes. 
  
City of Spokane 
 
20 Management’s Discussion and Analysis 
 
 
 
 
Major Governmental Funds 
 
The General Fund is the City’s primary operating fund and th e largest source of day-to-day service 
delivery.  Pursuant to the implementation of GASB 54, Fund Balance Reporting and Governmental Fund 
Type Definitions, the City has combined several special revenue funds with the general fund for financial 
reporting purposes.  A schedule of th e funds included in the General Fund information during 2013 is 
included as a supplemental schedule.  The General Fund’s fund balance decreased in 2013 by $2.8 
million, which is due to a reduction of the sale of capital assets in 2013. 
 
Committed, assigned and una ssigned fund balance in the General Fund was $33.9 million, which as a 
percentage of expenditures was 25% of  annual operations, compared with  27% at the end of 2012.  The 
General Fund reserves are still considered adequate, and provide the Ci ty’s management with the ability 
to effectively manage the economic slowdown and budgetary challenges that are facing many businesses 
and governments at this time.  During  the strong economic years in the middle of the previous decade, 
the City’s management and elected officials committed to  building a robust reserve to ensure the long-
term financial health of the General Fund, and the fund balance at the end of 2013 reflects the results of 
C-13City of Spokane 
 
Management’s Discussion and Analysis 21 
 
this commitment.  The steps taken to achieve this result and how the reserve has been managed during 
the current economic situation are discussed in the Budgetary Highlights section of this analysis. 
 
Taxes totaling $130.2 million made up 81% of total gene ral fund revenue in 2013, an increase of $2.4 
million or 1.9% over 2012.  The increase is attributable to the following: 
 
$2.0 million Sales Taxes 
$.4 million Utility Taxes 
 
Other significant revenue changes were decreases in intergovernmental revenue of $2.4 million ($.3 
million reduction in grant revenue; $.4 million reduction in liquor revenues from the State; and a $1.6 
million reduction in revenues from Spokane County relat ed to a multi-year adjustment for cost allocation 
of the Public Safety building). 
 
Charges for services decreased by $.9 million in plan development revenues; $1.3 million decrease in 
engineering service revenue; a $.2 million increase in indirect cost revenue; and a $.6 million increase in 
LID (local improvement district) revenues. 
 
Misc revenue decreased by $2.7 m illion due to a $1.5 million reduction  in interfund lease and rent 
revenue due to a one-time paydown of the YMCA property in 2012 and a $1.2 million decrease in interest 
income.  Of the decrease in interest income, $.8 milli on is attributable to the change in the fair value of 
investments (from a net increase of $.2 million in 2012 to a net decrease of $.6 million in 2013). 
 
General fund expenditures (excluding transfers) decreased $2.6 million or approximately 2% over 2012.  
The City realized a net $2.8 million decrease in salary/ benefits and an overall increase of $.2 million in all 
other expense categories.  The change in salary/benefits is comprised of the following: 
 
$2.4 million cost savings in engineering services 
$1.9 million cost savings due to City reorganizations and the dissolution of City departments during 2013 
$1.5 million increase in police and fire 
 
The Proprietary Funds 
 
The City reports four primary enterprise funds, two of which are considered major funds.  These two funds 
provide the utility services of water/ sewer and solid waste to the citize ns of Spokane.  The City also 
maintains nine internal service funds. 
 
The Water/Sewer Fund  - The water/sewer fund reports net position of $616 million, with 85% 
represented by capital assets.  The current ratio for this fund is 8.27, which provides this fund with 
adequate resources to cover cash flow issues. 
 
The water/sewer system reported operating income of $19.8 million.  The City’s management and elected 
officials are strategically balancing the amount of util ity expenses that the citizens of Spokane can afford 
with the need to maintain service delivery, maintain and improve the utility’s infrastructure, and provide for 
growth.  Currently, this involves setting utility rate increases to be co nsistent with the consumer price 
index and aggressively managing operating expens es.  The aggressive management of operating 
expenses allows for operating revenues  to be directed towards investment s in the utility’s infrastructure.  
The sewer system is subject to regulatory requiremen ts that will require significant capital improvements 
City of Spokane 
 
22 Management’s Discussion and Analysis 
 
over the next several years.  Part of the 2013 opera ting income will be directed towards those regulatory 
requirements in the coming years. 
 
The Solid Waste Fund – The solid waste fund reports net position of $108 million.  The net investment in 
capital assets (i.e., the book value of the capital asse ts less related debt) is $80 million.  The current ratio 
for this fund is 4.3 which provides this fund with adequate resources to cover cash flow requirements.  
This fund reports $27.8 million in unrestricted net position. 
 
The solid waste fund reported an operating loss of $5.7 million.  $1.0 million of the loss is due to an 
increase in depreciation expense that is consistent  with a 5% reduction in depreciable assets.  The 
remainder of the loss is due, in part, to the fact that the rate revenue increases are not sufficient to cover 
the current operating expenses of the Department. 
 
Budgetary Highlights 
 
The General Fund – The General Fund’s original revenue budget was $1.0 million less than the 2012 
actual results.  The original expenditure budget was $1.7 million less than the 2012 actual results.  For 
the past several years, the City has strived to develop a budget that limits expenditures to anticipated 
revenue for the current year.  The City Coun cil amended both the revenue and expenditure budgets 
during 2013; the amendments resulted in less than 1/10 th of 1% change between the original and final 
budget for revenues, and a 2.8% change for expenditures. 
 
On the revenue side of the budget, the final budget exceeded actual revenues by $3.0 million or less than 
1/10th of 1%, although there were differences among the various categories.  There was a favorable 
budget variance in taxes primarily due to higher than expected property and sales taxes of $3.6 million.  
This was offset by a reduction of $2.3 million in internal & external business and utility taxes; an 
unfavorable variance of $2.0 million in intergovernmental due to a reduction in grant revenue; a reduction 
in liquor revenues from the State; a multi-year adjustment for cost allocation of the Public Safety building; 
and a $1.4 million unfavorable variance in charges for services due to reorganizations or cost savings 
within City departments that are offset by eliminated  or reduced expenses in those same areas.  Overall, 
this unfavorable variance is offset by favorable budget variances of $4.7 million in other areas. 
 
  
C-14City of Spokane 
 
Management’s Discussion and Analysis 23 
 
 
 
 
The actual expenditures were approximately $4.7 m illion less than the final budget, or 3.4% below 
budget.  The largest variances between the final budget and the actual amounts were in the 
transportation and economic environment  and categories.  There were also positive budget variances in 
capital outlays and transfers out categories.  Generally, these positive variances related to reduced 
expenditures across most of the general fund, as the City’s management and Council continues to 
recognize the effects of revenue shortfalls and adjust expenditures accordingly. 
  
City of Spokane 
 
24 Management’s Discussion and Analysis 
 
 
 
As indicated by the budgetary operating statement, the City staff considers the annual budget to be an 
extremely important document and attempts to include in the budget their best estimate of revenue and 
expenditures.  In 2013, City staff continued to focu s on the ongoing structural gap between the rates of 
growth of revenues versus expenditures in the General Fund, as well as the best way to deal with the 
ongoing economic reality.  The City is also utili zing longer term budgetary projections to help the 
management and City Council make strategically sound budget decisions. 
 
 
Capital Assets and Debt Administration 
 
Capital assets 
The City's investment in capital assets, net of accu mulated depreciation, for governmental and business-
type activities as of December 31, 2013, was $1,549 m illion and $612 million respectively.  For 2013, 
there was no significant increase or decrease in either the governmental or business-type activities.  See 
Note 4 for additional information about changes in capital assets during the fiscal year and amounts 
outstanding at the end of the year. 
 
The following table provides a summary of capital assets. 
 
  
C-15City of Spokane 
 
Management’s Discussion and Analysis 25 
 
Summary of Capital Assets (in 
thousands) 2013 2012 2013 2012 2013 2012 
NON-DEPRECIABLE ASSETS
Land 836,406$               832,257$               14,651$                  15,031$                  851,057$               847,288$               
Construction in pro gress 31,824                    68,870                    59,952                    55,261                    91,776                    124,131                  
Total non-depreciable assets 868,231                  901,127                  74,603                    70,292                    942,834                  971,419                  
DEPRECIABLE ASSETS
Buildings 87,266                    86,648                    291,352                  288,547                  378,618                  375,195                  
Other improvements 81,688                    69,084                    73,867                    64,641                    155,555                  133,725                  
Machinery and equipment 96,542                    93,307                    155,978                  144,348                  252,520                  237,655                  
Infrastructure 1,000,574              959,261                  453,533                  458,121                  1,454,108              1,417,382              
Intangible assets -                          -                          114                         114                         114                         114                         
Total depreciable assets 1,266,070              1,208,299              974,844                  955,772                  2,240,914              2,164,071              
Total cost of capital assets 2,134,300              2,109,427              1,049,448              1,026,064              3,183,748              3,135,490              
ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION (585,127)                (555,346)                (437,132)                (410,824)                (1,022,259)             (966,170)                
Total book value of capital assets 1,549,173$            1,554,081$            612,316$               615,240$               2,161,489$            2,169,321$            
Percentage depreciated 46% 46% 45% 43% 46% 45%
Governmental Activities Business-Type Activities Total
 
At December 31, 2013 and December 31, 2012, the depreciable capital assets for governmental activities 
were 45%-46% depreciated. 
 
With the City’s business-type activities, 43%-45% of the asset values were depreciated at December 31, 
2013 and at December 31, 2012.  These percentages indica te that the City is maintaining and replacing 
their assets at a favorable rate.  The percentage of depreciated assets for each of the three enterprise 
funds that report capital assets is as follows: 
 
City of Spokane 
 
26 Management’s Discussion and Analysis 
 
 
 
Long-term debt 
 
At the end of the fiscal year, the City had long-term debt outstanding of  $165.2 million.  Of this amount, 
$163.5 million or 92% is backed by the full faith and credit of the City (g eneral obligation bonds) with debt 
service fully funded by voter-appro ved property taxes or general gov ernment revenue.  The other major 
component of $11.5 million is  supported by pledg ed revenues generated prim arily by the business-type 
activities of the City (loans from other governments). 
 
During the year, the City retired $12.6 million or 7.11% of the beginning outstanding borrowed debt 
balance. 
 
Outstanding Borrowings 2013 2012 2013 2012 2013 2012 
General obligation bonds 152,536,287$    163,136,287$    453,713$            453,713$            152,990,000$    163,590,000$    
Special assessment debt 640,000              965,000              -                       -                       640,000              965,000              
Revenue bonds -                       -                       -                       520,000              -                      520,000              
Other government/bank loans 1,404,806           1,614,579           10,179,027         11,167,657         11,583,833         12,782,236         
Total 154,581,093$    165,715,866$    10,632,740$      12,141,370$      165,213,833$    177,857,236$    
Governmental Activities Business-Type Activities Total
 
Long-term debt increased by  $.3 million during 2013, which was t he result of an ad ditional loan through 
the State of Washington for Sewer infrastructure.  T he terms of the loan have not been finalized but it is 
expected that the interest rate will be less than 3.0% and will have a twenty-year loan period.  The debt 
per capita for the citizens of the City of Spokane was approximately $783. 
 
See Note 9 for additional information about the City’s long-term debt. 
C-16City of Spokane 
 
Management’s Discussion and Analysis 27 
 
 
Economic Conditions Affecting the City 
Since one of the primary revenue streams for the City  is sales tax, the City’s sales tax revenues are 
subject to changes in the economy.  Sales taxes are an “elastic” revenue stream; tax collections are 
higher in a flourishing economy and are lower in a depressed economy.  While enjoying a strong 
economy in the middle of the last decade, the City of Spokane for the last several years has been dealing 
with the slow recovery from the nation-wide eco nomic downturn.  The City’s management and elected 
officials are responding to the economic conditions with a balanced approach including cutting expenses, 
encouraging new business activity by minimizing tax increases, and using reserve balances strategically. 
 
Contacting the City’s Financial Management 
This financial report is designed to provide a general overview of the City’s finances, comply with finance-
related laws and regulations, and demonstrate the City’s commitment to public accountability.  If you have 
questions about this report or would like to request addi tional information, please contact the City’s Office 
of Finance, 808 West Spokane Falls Boulevard, Spokane, WA 99201. 
  
City of Spokane 
 
28 Management’s Discussion and Analysis 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
This page intentionally left blank. 
 
C-17City of Spokane 
 
Basic Financial Statements 29 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Basic Financial Statements 
Government-wide Financial Statements 
  
City of Spokane 
 
30 Basic Financial Statements 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
This page intentionally left blank. 
 
 
 
C-18City of Spokane 
 
Basic Financial Statements 31 
 
 
ASSETS 
C05h and cosh equivalents 
Equity in pooled investments 
Receivables (net) 
Internal balances 
Inventories 
Other assets 
Restricted Assets: 
C05h and cosh equivolents 
Receivab les , noncurrenl 
Other 
Capitol Assets (Note 4): 
Non-depreciable assets 
Deprec iable assets, net of depreciation 
Total capilal assets, net 01 deprec ia tion 
Tolal Assets 
lIA81l lTI ES 
Accounts poyoble and occrlJed expenses 
Accrued liabHities 
Unearned revenue 
Other liabi lities, current 
Long lerm liabilitie s (Note 9): 
Due within one year 
Due within more thon one year 
Toloillobllilies 
NET POSITION 
Net investment in capitol assets 
Restricted for: 
Capilol projects 
Debt service 
Grants/other 
Police and firelighte rs' pen~on 
Other 
Unrestricted 
Total Net Position 
I 
Statement 01 Net Position 
Decembe r 31, 2013 
Governmental Activitie s 
38,537.802 $ 
97.403,143 
31.473.651 
(8.490,694) 
2.751.521 
38.694.401 
868.230.514 
680.942.749 
1.549.173.263 
1]49.543.087 
10,857,824 
24.708 
7.669]97 
28,888.124 
174,884.546 
222.324,999 
1,433,814,440 
26.208.119 
5,855,848 
41.465.487 
403.498 
57..0119 
19,413.277 
1.527.218.088 $ 
The notes to the financia l statements are an integra l part of this statement. 
Business-Type Activities Total 
14.194638 S 52,732.440 
107.738,976 205,142,11 9 
25,151760 56,625.411 
8.490,694 
2.482879 5,234.400 
10.505120 10,505.120 
5.427365 44,121.766 
74,603258 942,833.]72 
537,712,459 1,218.655,20B 
612.315717 2,161,488,980 
786.307149 2,535,850,236 
14,193,055 25,050,879 
31 222 55,930 
2,202,564 9,872,361 
1.620939 30,509,063 
26.910911 201,795.457 
44.958,69 1 267,283,690 
601,682,977 2,035.497.417 
26,208,119 
5,855.848 
41.465.487 
403.498 
57.419 
139,66548 1 159,078.758 
741.348458 S 2,268,566,546 
City of Spokane 
 
32 Basic Financial Statements 
 
  
Statement of Actlvltles 
For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2013 
Program Reyenues 
Funcllons/Programs Expenses Charges lar Services Operal1ng GIants .. Capital Gfants .. 
Contributions contributions 
Governmental ActiYllles: 
General government I 15.180.765 I 14,697.250 $ 93.246 I 881.320 
Judicial 6.699.552 5.644.840 ".000 3.750 
pubrlC solety 109.027.215 5.560.995 714.987 82.176 
Transportation 48.666.159 2.500.221 598.726 4.005,271 
Utilities el"lwonment 159.128 
Economic el"lviranmel"ll 22.152.576 1.865.779 14.655.137 167.220 
Mental 000 physical health 118.107 281.636 
Culture and recreation 29.132.669 1.471.969 13.377 1.970.269 
Interest on long-term debt 7.995,151 
Total governmental activities 238.972.194 32.022,690 16.159.473 7,269,134 
Business-Type Activities: 
Water/Sewer 97.160,227 116.963,625 5.419.365 
Solid Waste 74.174.306 68.985.005 
Other business-type entities 8.606.776 9.171.609 
Toial business-type activities 179,941.311 195.121.039 5.419.365 
Toialgovernment I 416.913.505 I 227,143.729 I 16,159.473 $ 12.688.499 
The notes 10 the finoncialstolements are on ~legrol port 01 this statement. 
C-19City of Spokane 
 
Basic Financial Statements 33 
 
 
  
Statement of Actlv lHes 
F or the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2013 
Net (bpense) Revenue and Change In Net I'asliion 
Func tions/Programs Governmental Actlvllies Buslness·Type Acllvltle s Toiol 
Governmental Activities: 
General governmenl 
• 
491.051 • S 491 ,051 
Judicial 1966,9621 (9bUb2) 
Public sofety (102,669.057) (102 ,669,057) 
Transportation (41.561.9411 (41 ,561 ,941) 
Utilities environment 159,128 159,128 
Economic environmenl (5.464.440) (5,464,440) 
Menial and physica l health 163,529 163,529 
Culture ond recreotion (25,677,054) (25,677,054) 
Interest on long-term debt (7,995,151) ,7,995,151) 
Total governmentol octlvllies (183,520,897) (1B3,520,897) 
Buslness·Type Actlvllles: 
Water/Sewer 25,222.763 25,222,7b3 
Solid Waste (5,188,501) (5,188.501 ) 
Other business-type enlities 564,831 564,831 
Toiol business-type ocllvilies 20,599,093 20,599,093 
Total government 
• 
(183,520,897) 
• 
20.599,093 S (lbl,92 I,804) 
Generol Revenues 
Property t o ~ es 63,700,832 63,700,832 
Sales taxes ~4,870,883 44,870,883 
Utility taxes 55,400.483 55,400,483 
Other ta xes 13,868,049 13,868,049 
Investmen t earnings 2,888,785 261.~1 3,150,086 
Net increase (decrease) in fair va lue of investments (1,417,141) (1,120,799) (2,537,940) 
Tronsfef1 ~9,282 (~9,282) 
Total general revenue s and transfers 179,361.173 (908.780) 178,452,393 
Change In Net Position (~,159,724) 19.690,3 13 15,530,589 
Prior period adjustment ),159.10 4 (15.251.015) (14,09Ull) 
Net Posllion • beginning (resloted) 1.530.218.708 736.909.160 2,267,127,868 
Net Posilion • endIng 
• 
1.527.216.066 
• 
741.346.458 $ 2,268,56U46 
The notes to the financial statements are on integral part of this statemen t. 
City of Spokane 
 
34 Basic Financial Statements 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
This page intentionally left blank. 
 
 
  
C-20City of Spokane 
 
Basic Financial Statements 35 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Basic Financial Statements 
Fund Financial Statements 
  
City of Spokane 
 
36 Basic Financial Statements 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
This page intentionally left blank. 
 
 
  
C-21City of Spokane 
 
Basic Financial Statements 37 
 
 
  
Balance Sheet 
Governmental Funds 
December 31, 2013 
General Fund other Governmental Funds Toiol Govelnmenlal Funds 
ASSm 
Cash and cosh equivalents , 6.879,471 , 19.034.340 S 25.913.811 
Depo~ts with flSCOI agents/lrvstees 69.833 38.228 108.061 
Equity In pooled inveslments 1063.326 44.848,176 59.211.5<12 
Taxes receivable 12.335.708 3.763.411 16.099.119 
Special assessment receivable 3,059.371 3.059.371 
Accounn receivable 2.&)8.852 1,479,506 4.288.358 
Interest receivable 197,258 26.955 224.213 
Due from olher funds 5,256,194 2,515.268 7.771,462 
Intertund toan receivable 166.931 5\9,563 686,494 
Due from other governments 228,413 4.899.399 5.121.812 
Advances 10 other funds 827.090 2,574.290 3.40U80 
Inventories 1.194,392 1.194.392 
Notes/caotract receivoble (non cooent) 233,777 38.434.621 38.668.398 
Totel! Alsetl 43.366,853 122.387.520 165.754.373 
LlA811lTlES ANO FUNO BALANCE 
Uablntles: 
Accounts/vouchers payoble 921.585 5.664.308 6.585.893 
Due to other funds 985,599 1.874.702 2.860.301 
Due to olhergovernmenls 
'" 
44.019 44.255 
Revenues collected in odvorx:e 71.476 71.476 
Intertund loan payable 
Olher accrued Iiobiilies 3.153.649 764.122 3.911.771 
Olhercooent Iiobiilies "'.663 2.448.015 3.308.678 
Deterred inllow 01 resOOlces 1.827.120 4.244.611 6.071.731 
Total Uobililles 7.748,852 15.))1.253 22.860.105 
fund Balance 
Nonspendoble >'94.020 4.288.245 5.282.265 
Restricted 10(: 
Capital projects 26.208,119 26.208.119 
Police and firelighters' pensions 403.498 403,498 
Grants/other "'.836 40,828,651 41 .465.487 
Debt seMee 5.855.848 5.855.848 
Other 57.419 51.419 
Committed 15.014.310 16,205,661 31.219.971 
ASSigned 2.681.650 13.428.626 16.110,476 
UnoWgned 16,291.185 16.291.185 
Total Fund Balance , 35.618.001 , 107.276,267 S 142.894.268 
1he noles 10 the financial statements Ofe on integral port of this statemenl. 
City of Spokane 
 
38 Basic Financial Statements 
 
 
  
REVENUES 
Statement of Revenues. Expenditur es. and C hang es In Fund Bala nce 
Gove rnm e ntal Fund s 
For the Fisca l Year Ended Dece mber 31. 2013 
Genero l Fund Other Governme ntal 
Funds 
Taxes , 130.269.475 , 40.016.459 S 
Ucenses and permils 6.424.954 504.284 
Inlergovemmenlol 3.267.477 32.139.492 
Charges for serv ices 14.583.39\ 11.127.352 
Fines and forfeitures 2.862.356 1.900.779 
Miscellaneous 1.058.969 4.417.726 
Interest income 1.881.602 368.197 
Net increase (decrease) in fair value 01 investments 
Totot Reve nues 
EXPENDITURES 
C urrent: 
General government 21.852.608 8.713 .465 
Public safety 89.789.347 21.845.026 
utilities environment 
Transportation 7.32 4.204 20.453.511 
Economic environment 5.178.683 16.356.955 
Mental and physicol health 118.064 
Culture and recreol>on 8.278.029 14.979.271 
Copltol outloys 2.216.660 25.048.922 
Debt servl<:e: 
Principal 11.134.771 
Interest 7.762.321 
Total Expe nditures 134.757.595 126.294.242 
Ex<:ess of Reven ues Over (Under) Expenditures 24.960.163 (36.16 4.431) 
OTHER FINANCING SOURCES ( USES) 
Sale 01 capitol msets 74.604 2.241.338 
Transfers in 400.946 33.128.249 
Tronsfers out I 
Total Other Flnonclng Sources (Uses) 
Exces s (defl cle n<:y) 01 reve nues and o ther sources 
over (under) ex p endi tur es and other uses (2.347.625) (10.474.109) 
Other Cha n ges In fund Balan ce 
Prior Period Adjustmen l (544.52l) 577.095 
fund Bolan ce - beginnI ng (restat ed) 38.5\0.147 117.173,281 
fu nd Bolon <:e - endI ng , 35.618.001 , 107.276.267 S 
Tne notes to tne linonciot statements are on integrat port 01 this statement. 
Toiol 
170.285.934 
6.929 .238 
35,406 .969 
25,710.743 
4.843. 135 
5,476 .695 
2.249.799 
30.566 .073 
111.634 .373 
27.777.115 
2 1.535.638 
118.064 
23.257 ,300 
27.265.582 
11 ,134.77 1 
7,762.32 1 
261.051 .837 
(11 .204.268) 
2,315 ,942 
33.529,195 
(12,821 .734) 
32.574 
155 ,683.428 
142 .8 94.268 
C-22City of Spokane 
 
Basic Financial Statements 39 
 
 
  
City of Spokane 
 
40 Basic Financial Statements 
 
 
  
Reconclllatlon 0 1 the Statement of Revenues, Expenditures, and Changes In Fund Balance 
to the Statement of Adlvitles 
For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31 , 2013 
Chonge In lund bolonce · governmentollund1 
Amounls reported lor govemmentol ocfivilies Ol lhe Siolerneni of Nef Position are diffefent 
because: 
Governmenlal funds report cap lol oulloys 0; expendilUfes. However, in the Siotemeni 01 
Acbvi~. the cosl ollhose O$se~ is ollocoled OVef Ihai' estimoled uselul ives and reported as 
depreciotion expense. In the elmenl period, copitol outloys did not e~ceeded depreciation 
e~pense: 
Copitol outlays 
Deprecialioll expense 
In the Sioterneni 01 ACtivities. only the loss on the sole of coplo l rusets is reported whereas in the 
govemmentollunds. Ihe proceeds from the sole 01 cop lol ossels increase financial resovrces. 
Thus. Ihe chonge in lund bolonce dillers trom Ihe change in riel position by the cosl 01 copitol 
oswts sold, 
Coplol ossets sold 
Less occumulated depreciation 
Some revenues in the governmental funds fhot were not ovoitoble unhl the current year were 
reporled in prioryOOf'$ in !he Siolement of Advi lies. 
fIond proceeds provide current linancial resources 10 governrnentollunds. but issuing debt 
increases iong·tefm tiabiij~es in Ihe StOlement of Net Po~lion. Repayment 01 bond principal is 
on expendilUfe in the govemmentol lundS. but the repayment reduces long-term tiaibities in the 
Stalemenl of Net Position, Tm is the amount payments exceeded proceeds: 
Principal repayments -genefal obligotk>n debt 
Principal repayments -special assessment debt 
Principal repayments -due 10 other governmenls 
Sond proceeds 
Some expenses reported in the Siolement of Activities do not require the use 01 current fir>onciol 
relOUfCeS ond. thefefore. ore not reported os expenditvres in the governmental funds. 
(Increasel decrease in OPES (other postemploymenl benelill liability 
(Increosel decrease in compemoled absences 
(Increosel decrease in occrved intafesl 
Iincreosel decrease in delerred omoun~ on bond issuonce 
Inlemal service funds ore VIed by monagementto charge the cos~ 01 c8(tcin ocfivitiel such 0; 
lIeet monogeme nl ond insuronce to irKjividuol funds. The nel gain 01 intemal service tunds is 
reporled wilh gOV8(nmentOI oc~vi t ies, 
Change In r.et pasnian of gOllemmental oetivillel 
The notes to the financial slolemenis ore on integrol port oflhis s totement, 
26.831.160 
(30.907.3061 
16.(19.8231 
2993.465 
1O.600.00'J 
325,00'J 
m.773 
(2 . .565.0911 
2.441.009 
32.327 
392.141 
, 
, 
(12.821.734) 
(~.076.1461 
13.~26.3581 
131.41 8 
11.134,773 
4.597.937 
(4.159.724) 
C-23City of Spokane 
 
Basic Financial Statements 41 
 
 
  
Statement of Ne t Position 
P,o prie iary Funds 
Dece mbe . 31 .20 13 
Businen-Type Aefivnies· Ente.prl,e Funds continved 
Governmentot 
Wo/ef!Sewer SoildWo$le OIhef Enterprise Funds 10/0t AetlvHles Intefnal 
Service 
ASSETS 
Current Assets: 
Cash al'ld eqojvalents I 6.276.462 I 6.510.252 I 1.347.011 I 1 • . 133.725 I 10.657.5 ~ 6 
DepOOt, with fiscal ogen~ 50,915 9.998 &0.913 1.858.3801 
fqvily in pooted investments 78.340.531 27,843.781 1.~.665 107,738,n7 38.191.6041 
AcCounts receivable 12,~.829 5.453.639 279.1 30 18.31 6.598 2.659.447 
Interest receivable 27.263 13.316 69. 41 .277 13,m 
Due hom other lurxls 9lS.m 661.859 1/J).972 1.758.2H 2.926.243 
Interlund loon receivab l e 9ff/.957 ~ ~4.898 18.079 1,372,934 4.3.338 
Due from other govelllments 6.541 .766 252.119 6.1'30885 1.894 
InventOlies V3.1.703 48.176 2.432.819 1.557.129 
Prepa yments ,.." 
Equity ill pooled inveslments. restrided to.505.120 10.$05.120 
Interest receivoble. restricted 
lotot cwen t cme~ 108.100.858 51.69(982 3.408.731 U3.204.571 58.335.062 
NOJ\(lment ossets: 
Non depre<:iO~ e capilal assets: 
eo'" 8.690.813 4.671.178 1.289.224 14.651.215 6.281.199 
COIlIlrvction in progess 54.028.468 5.923.575 59.952.043 2.289,466 
Depreciable capi tol cmell: 
Properly. pIonl. and equiprnef1t 289.362.747 216.221.308 15.585.865 521.169.920 53.212.326 
tnfr05lruclll'e 453.533.190 27.518 453.560.708 6.261.641 
Ca pitalre<:l soltwore 6.60'1.005 
I ntangible asse ts 113.766 113,766 
Less accumula ted depreciation 1282.343.4251 (1 45.852,059) 18.936.4511 (431.131.935) (lS.349.654) 
10101 capilo l assets 523.385,559 80.9604002 7.9M.loY> 612.315.717 39.:m.983 
Other none,","ent <:ISlets: 
Other rK>OClI'rent assets arxl de terred charges 5.396.420 30,9~5 5.427.365 
Advances to other IurKis ~.S08.566 2,204,336 89.578 6.802.480 2.196.600 
Total rK>OCurrenl oslel5 533.290.5~5 83, \99.283 8.055.734 624.545.562 ~ 1. 500.~ 
Total oslets 6~1.391.400 134119065 11.464.4/,5 787.750.133 99)135.645 
Ihe notes to the fononciol statements ore on inleg.al port 01 ttfs statement. 
City of Spokane 
 
42 Basic Financial Statements 
 
 
  
Stgtement of Net Position 
Prgp rletgry Funds 
Dece mber 31, 2013 
8usln<m·Type A(:fiv~ies· Enlerprl$<l funds eOl'lCluded 
Governmenkll 
WClier/S.wer Solid Waste Other Enterprise funds 
'''''' 
Acflvlllesinterngi 
Service 
LIABILITiES 
Current Uc:rbIlHles: 
Accoonts payable , 5.105.190 8.9( 3,067 , 9059 $ 14.143,016 3.(78.782 
CIoims and judgment> payable 17.352.72( 
Compensated absences 16;1,(72 35.'" 38.472 237.512 122.292 
Due to olher fund> 5.054.136 2,395.568 117.009 7.566.713 2.028.95-4 
Inlerlund loon payable 1(.903.225 
Due 10 of her governmenlol 0011 1.383.(27 1.3.83,427 107,028 
Aecrued " Iere\t 50.039 50.039 
OUler accrued IioMlies 738.991 4/,4,$75 133.647 1.:m.214 399.093 
Other ewent Iiotwlies 575,roo 15M20 13(.700 665.350 89.61 0 
Tolol c...-rent iobilitiel 13,Oro,286 11.99098 518.587 25,583.271 38.481.700 
Current liabliltiel poyoblefrom restricted onetl : 
Revenue bonds payable 
Acerve<! interest payable 
10101 Cl.O'I'e<'It liobiIi~es poy<r~e frOr'r'l lestricled ossel$ 
Noncurrent Lklbllilies: 
Revenve bonds payable 
Gene<ot obigalion bond> payable 453.712 4S3.712 
Due to other goverrwnentol unjl$ 8.919.738 U19 .738 
Revenue collecle<l in advance \,235 'lJ.987 31 .222 
COr'r'Iper1\Oled absences 2,953,214 1.215,474 510.593 U79.28 1 1.939.375 
Accrued landfill liability 1.689.1>60 1.689.660 
Acaued Iondfrll postclo5ure klbi4ity 11.168.520 11,168.520 
10101 IIOIICUlTer1lliabiilies 11.872.952 1(.07(.889 99(,292 2'-942.133 1,939,375 
Total Uc:rbll~lel 2(.943,238 26.069.287 1.512.879 52.525.4tM ((1.421.083 
NET POStnON 
Net ioveslmenh in copHoi OIlell 513.206.531 80.96(.002 7.512.444 601.682.977 24,293))) 
Restricted 
Unrestricted 103.241,6J( 27.WJ,976 2,(39.142 133.$41.152 35.120.832 
Total Net P01Hion $ 616.448.165 , 108,824.978 , 9.951.586 $ 735.224.729 , 59.(14.562 
Adjustments to reflect the comcldotion 01 internollervice tUlld 
acfi'lities ,elated to enterprile furxts 6.t23.1:K1 
Net poIilion of bvsOnesl·lype activities $ 741.3c48.459 
lhe note! to the finondolllolemel1tl ore on integ/oJ port 01 lhilIiolemeni. 
C-24City of Spokane 
 
Basic Financial Statements 43 
 
 
  
Statement 01 Revenues, Expenses, and Changelln Net Posijlon 
Proprletory Funds 
for the fiscal Year Ended Oecember 31. 2013 
lusi"'''.Ty~ AcIMH .. · Enlerprlse Funds 
G.,...ernmenk:1I 
WoterJS ewer s.otId Wo.'. other Enterprhe Fund. lotol Acfl-..!!Ie. lnterll<ll 
",,", 
OPEU,TING REVENUES 
Ct>ages lor goodI and lervic ... , 115.126.216 , 66.083,Q.11 , 9.113.8010 , 1'10.323.097 , ~1.761.289 
Milcelloneovs revenue 1.343.001 34.~69 1.317.470 36.87'1.760 
OIlier operoling revenue 199.228 13,780 21l.008 872.752 
10101 operOling "'v""",,, 1 15.325.~~~ 67.426,Q.12 9.\62.089 191.9\U75 79.513.801 
OPERATING EXPENSES 
OpelOtoo 23.208.029 ~6 . .ss9.859 (.92(.2(5 74.692.l33 26.570.(62 
Mainlel\Ol\Ce 17.367.578 4.78-1.235 1.160.372 23.312.185 
... dminilllOlion 9.571.593 2.666.883 1.521.282 13.759.758 8,627.349 
Dep<edolion 19.ot (.8J.( 10.211.535 9«l,317 30.1560'116 4,223.212 
,~ 26.362.075 8.95~.193 19.(69 15.335.717 
Ril.I: k"",ler pcymenl' 13.327.233 
CI<Iirn-; proc",1lng 1.835.751 
Poymen" 1 0 coman" and beneliclar .... 25,(51.966 
10101 operating expemes 95.52009 73.176.105 8.S55.685 177.256.499 80.035.973 
Operoling Income IlO1ol) 19.801.335 15.750.6631 ""."" 
lU51 .016 (5Zl.l721 
NONOPERAltNG REVENUES (EXPENSES) 
Inlel ... 1 income 175,828 7J.(5( 12.ot9 261.301 12(.527 
Nellncre<l$<l ldecreose) ... laO' voM! 01 invest""",,, (7~V75) (363.219) (U.805) (1 .120.799) (362.197) 
GoO'Ilto.l) on ~tion 011"'00 "'''''' 'W'"' 
16.1 ~ 3) 313.857 28-1.706 
Inle."'le~ (126.932) (28.174) (155.106) 1328.1>(9) 
Revenues kom jobbing and ContlOCIing .. ,,'" 660.082 
Expeos", kom jobbing and controcling (892.252) (892.252) 
LID 10>"" and enginee<ing expem ... (600.281) (608.281) 
Renl and Ie"", income 586.1~9 178.916 U5.D'5 
0Ih ... """"P"'"riog ""' .......... 71.950 1.380.847 "W 1 .4U.317 157.598 
0I1lC1 nonope<oling e>Q>eme (983.7221 (22.1191 {1.005.lWll 
Iota nonope!"llng reve ........ lexpenses) 1556.2311 280.133 (H559 1 (J19 . 65 ~ p2 •. 01~1 
Income~) bef<:we conlribvlions and tromfen 19.2.5.104 15.~70.530) 562.845 1 ~ .331 .• \9 11>46.187) 
Copiiol contribvHonl $.(19,;w; U1U'S 1.244.613 
Iromlen '" 4.205.351 
Iromlen ovf (20.01001 (3.6721 (25.2101 !U.2821 1222.6621 
Change In Nel Position 24.6U.069 15.~H.2(2) w.'" 19.701.502 ~ . .561.115 
PrOof period ~tme!1t 115.25I.ot5) (15.251.015) 1.758.974 
Nel Posifion • begO'Ining 607.055.111 U.299.I80 9 .• 13,951 53.07073 
Nel Position· endng , 6Ib.u8, 1 ~ , '08.824.978 , 9.951,586 , 59.(14.562 
Change in Nel Posilion 19.707.502 
....... lmenlil" reflecl1he como6Oolion 01 Inlemol servic:e fund 
a<;livi1ia, reklled to enlerprise ftmds (17.1881 
Change In net position of bvsiI1ess.type oc!Ml .... 19.690.314 
The nol ... 10 rhe Hnonciol slolemen" erG on ... Iegal pert o111'1is lfotement. 
City of Spokane 
 
44 Basic Financial Statements 
 
 
  
Statement 0/ Cash flows 
P'oprietary FllndJ 
fOf !he fisca l Yeo, Ended December 31 . 2013 
......... ·Type AclMlleo Enl..,,,,,,,,F ... d • 
Go ... nme nlal 
Water/Se .... Sold Wa.1e 0"* Enlet!>riH lundo , .. AelM'le. 1m..,"'" ,_. 
CASH HOWS II0MO ' ElAlING AcnVmES 
Reeeipt< Irom C\IIlomon and ""'" , 11~ , M3.so1 , 7(l.498.7.oo .~ 1'3 . 1. 1 .~ , L912,362 
Reee\?!$ from nl""'-"'d l<!IfViceo proW:Ied 1.990,149 1116.777) 326.762 2.1400.134 76 .• 54.;.)1 
Paymen"to~ lor_eo (8 . ..;0.1861 151.2.00.1231 11,028.3381 l60 .U8. "') {52.149 •• 481 
Poymenl>lo~ (27,633,8'l1) )739.249) (.,973.4101 (33.346.411) 116.7.00.7431 
PoymenI lorlaxe<· dI'! and nole 123.981.661) )7.153.645J )19.4691 lJl .7S1.115) 1164.I!061 
foymenl> forlnlerl""",, _ ... 'eceived lI73J6.I291 )1.115.287) (1.m.905) (2(I.'-U21) 13.7111.3'171 
Other ,eee\?" Ipoymer!lij , 
Net ca<h ~ (used) by operotng octMIle< 
CASH HOWS 110M NONCAm Al liNANCING ACflVITIES 
1""""",,"'lovt) ~.I231 1'· 12l l Il~ 
"el ca<h provided (used) by """"~allirIoncnO octMIle< (9,1231 I'J2l) !l72l 
CASH HOWS fl OMCAmAli I ElATED fiNANCING ACTIVITIES 
l'I'oceeds ~om <Jspo\ot 01 c~aI "",,1$ (.'6.n.) ~ , 249.l79 l .132.455 m~' 
l'I'oc<t&ds kom loon!. 1'<>1 .... and lease p.ocI>ose payable 
""" 
lIC .591 
Copilal g<>'>!$ and conlrbJtior» ,&r;eioed 5.-01~73J7 5.4l7.307 
... cq<.i5ltion and e<>r»lrvction 01 eopital """" 115.679.3711 110,969.2671 (120.310) (3O.7.a .952) 110.975.626) 
~ paid on "'OfIiJOV&rrYI'IeI1ta1loons 11.357.566) (1.357.146) 
f'rYq>aI paid on r8Vor'IUe IX>r'I<!> (51'.9621 (514.962) 
"'1"''1'1 paid on lnIerl""",, loons 
"""" ",1", ... 1 paid on Inlergov..........."tot loons (1019.9611 (149,961) 
1n1_1 paid on re."""" bor"-d< (32.30111 (JU41) 
1 ''''''''>1 paid on -'" obIgotion _ 
TratII",,", (0<11) p L2771 (3,6721 05.210l 140.l 5t1 5,227"'4 
Nel cash ",_ (used) by copilal and r""'led IirIoncnO oclMtie> Ill.mooq pO.123.1601 {692.6271 (2l.213.5&1 (5.683350) 
CASH flOWS f l OM INVESTING ACTllllfiES 
Pvrchose 01 ....... 1""",,, (1I1>51.2!iOi ( •. 129.1961 11.601.02.) (11.MU 70) (711I • .3l5) 
f'loc&ed> kern 1<'0> and me""';'" or ""<)';1""""" •. ..;0.(00 1.531.595 1.1711.697 1l.110 .292 9.oe7 ,n.. 
1n1"''''1 r&r;elved 1571M~1 ~.1231 •• 191 1&51.77$! ~'" 
1'101 CO>h "'_ fu$&d) by ""'I'ling oclM!iel !71123.O9~1 ~.118.276 1.111.136) (5.I2:2.fSJI 
""'" 
Hel ncreo>& (decreo>&) In cash and ca<h eqo;v"""'l, IUI5.1ge) 1.268.175 "'-'" 535.54 7 (267.664) 
CashondCO>h ~1 '·.knXo'Y I 1.591.660 5.2.2.017 764.0141 13.5f1.176 10.925.210 
Cash and ca<h ~!$. December 31 , 6.216.462 , 6.510.~2 , 1.341.011 , 14.133.72S , 10.6.57.546 
CASH llOWS I.OM OPUAIING ACIIVmu 
Op&r0tnQ Income (lou] , 19.8J1.3l5 , 15.7!C.663) , ~,~ , 1~.'S7.07. , 1522.1721 
Adju._nh I<> 110<:"""" Ope,oIIng lneome 
Dep'ecIoIlon & OIl'IOIIIzobon 19,01. 1134 10.211.535 .,.,,, 30,114.616 •. m212 
PrIor period ",*"tm&nl/flnd baIonc e r"'I"'~ (lS ,~ I.oI5J (15,251,015) .. ,,., 
OIh&rrev ......... 1.318,181 1.559.71>3 (12.599) U6S,34S 
'"'" Olh&r exp&r't<&< (I.5IXI.533) 
"''''' 
(~'64 . 2SS) 
Cllange ln A .... It: Oecrea •• (Inerea.e) 
R&r;e;o.obI&$. r>el or ~ (2A&::i.225) 1.336" ' 2 (213.141) (1.357 .560) t2021.50~ 
0ep0siI< ¥o1ttl fiIcoI ogen" (4.023) (4.023) (739.66/11 
I,went.,." ""', 22,545 mo •• 71) 
"-" 
,~ 
Chanv-"' lIobIl"-" Inc,.".. (De c,eo " ) 
,-""' (2.611,103) 2.S04.357 '"W 27 • • • 12 "."m 
Net CD.h pr<Wlded (uoe<I) by operr:rtl"ll oclM"e. , 18.31 • .019 81173.659 , 1,693.533 28,& 1.2\\ , HlS2.97S 
NONCAJH INVESTING, CAmAl. ANO FINANCING ACTlV~IES 
Conlr'bulion$ 01 <:q)ilal """" , "''''' , , , 
The not ... 10 11>e fnor>ciof ,lot""""," <:1'& on ",legal pal 011,", Slotemenl. 
C-25City of Spokane 
 
Basic Financial Statements 45 
 
 
  
S tateme nt of Fiducia ry Net Position 
Flduclory Funds 
Dece mber 31. 2013 
Pension ond Other Employee Prlvate·Purpose Trusl funds Agency fundi Benefit Plans 
ASSETS 
Current Assets: 
Cosh , 833.879 , 1.573 , 2.863.563 
Equity in pooled j,westments 1.541.855 
Shottteom investments 4.354,976 
Deposits with riscot ogenn/trvstees 
Receivables. pension ond other employee benefit plom: 
Interest and diVidends m.393 
Taxes receivable 450,(XXJ 
Other receivobtes 27.057 8,658 113.854 
Due from other funds 
Due Irom other governmenn 1.247 
Total Cunenl Alsen 5.889,:ns 10.231 4.S2<l.SI9 
Noncunenl Alsen: 
Investments. IlOncurrent. at for value: 
U.S. ri};:ed income 53.937.391 
International/global fuced income \4,829,284 
U.S. equities 97.909.1l~ 
Reolestote 14,Z23J74 
International equit;es S3.14(U65 
Alternatives 68.\9\.034 
Total i:westmenn m,231.362 
Capitol assets: 
Software 477.CJXJ 
Other improvements 17.539 
Accumulated depreciation 164.3621 
tnvestments. noncurrent. all other lunds: 
Other non current assets 
Tolol Noncurrent Assels 302.661,539 
Total Anel1 306.550.844 10.231 , 4.52<l.519 
L1ABtLiTlES 
WOJlonh payable 2.058.040 
AccoontsNooche's payable 178.333 22.352 
Due to other tunds 
Due to othef governments 2.350.803 
Compensated absences 18.419 
Other accrued iobi ities 4.070 ,.,. 
Other current Iiobi~ties 31.878 47,52<l 
Other Iong·term Iiobiities <O(XXJ 
Totot LlobitHles 232.700 , 4.S2<l,519 
NET rOSmON 
Net os\&ls held in tMI for: 
Pension benelin 295.225.928 
Postempklyment benefits 13.092.216 
tndividvots. orgorizotions. and other governments 10.231 
Total Net Position , 306.318.144 , 10.231 
The notes to the financial stotemenn ore on integral pori of lhis statement. 
City of Spokane 
 
46 Basic Financial Statements 
 
 
  
statement of Changes In Fiduciary Net Position 
Fiduciary Funds 
For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31 , 2013 
Pension Trus! funds Prlvote Purpose Trust Funds Total 
ADDITIONS 
Contributions: , $ S 
Employer 15,183,337 15.163.337 
Pkln Members 6.715,376 10.715.376 
Intergovernmental revenue 263.33-4 263.33<1 
Medicare retree drug subSidy 218,514 21 8.5H 
Miscellaneous 290 2" 
Private contributions 13.625 13.625 
Total Contributions 22.380.851 13.625 22,394,476 
Investment Earnings: 
Net increase in lOi' value at investments -40.352,202 40.352.202 
Interest and dividends 5.431'(06 5.431.406 
Total investment earnings Iloss) 45.783.608 45,783,608 
Less: Investment ex.oon~e 1410,602) (410,602) 
Net investment eornings Iloss) 45.3nOO6 45,3nOO6 
T%l AddHlons 67.753.857 13.625 67.767.482 
DEDUCTIONS 
Benefits 22.309.770 22.309.770 
Medical and dental benefits 4,862.900 4 . ~2.903 
Pen*>n refunds 393,954 393.954 
Medical and dental administration 433.275 433,275 
AdminiStrative expenses 518.809 518,809 
Maintenance costs 7.456 7,4510 
Total DedlJC~ons 28.518.711 7.456 28,526.167 
Chonge In Fiduciary Net Position 39.235.146 6,169 39,241.315 
Other Changes In Net Posl~on 
Prior Period Adjustment 
Net Position· beginning 269.082.998 4.062 2109.087.060 
Net Position· ending , l:lB.3IS.144 $ 10,231 S 308.328.375 
lhe notes to the financial statements are on integral part of this statement. 
C-26City of Spokane 
 
Notes to the Financial Statements 47 
 
 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2013 
 
 
Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 48 
 
Note 2 Deposits and Investments 59 
 
Note 3 Property Taxes 64 
 
Note 4 Capital Assets 64 
 
Note 5 Pension Plans 67 
 
Note 6 Other Post Employment Benefits 77 
 
Note 7 Risk Management 79 
 
Note 8 Short Term Debt 80 
 
Note 9 Long Term Liabilities 80 
 
Note 10 Interfund Balances and Transfers 85 
 
Note 11 Joint Ventures 89 
 
Note 12 Enterprise Funds 90 
 
Note 13 Commitments and Contingencies 93 
 
Note 14 Prior Period Adjustments 97 
 
Note 15 Legal Matters 98 
  
City of Spokane 
 
48 Notes to the Financial Statements 
 
Note 1 
Summary of Significant 
Accounting Policies 
 
 
The City of Spokane was incorporated November 
29, 1881 with a population of 1,000 people and an 
area of two square miles.  Today, over 100 years 
later, the City's population is approximately 
209,100 people within an area of about 60.2 
square miles.  The City's first charter was adopted 
December 28, 1910, with a Commission form of 
government.  On January 1, 2001 the City began 
operating under the Strong Mayor-Council form of 
government that was adopted November 7, 2000. 
 
The accounting policies of the City of Spokane 
conform to generally accepted accounting 
principles, as applicable to governments.  The 
accompanying summary of the City of Spokane's 
more significant accounting policies is presented to 
assist the reader in interpreting the financial 
statements and other data in this report.  These 
policies, as presented, should be viewed as an 
integral part of the accompanying financial 
statements. 
 
In June 2010, the Governmental Accounting 
Standards Board (GASB) established the 
standards of accounting and financial reporting for 
Fund Balance Reporting with GASB 54.  This 
Statement is effective for periods beginning after 
June 15, 2010.  This statement was designed to 
provide consistent fund balance classifications 
among governmental funds and to provide a better 
understanding of the constraints imposed on stated 
fund balances. 
 
A. REPORTING ENTITY 
 
The accompanying financial statements of the City 
of Spokane include all funds, activities and 
functions over which the City's executive and 
legislative bodies exercise oversight responsibility.  
Oversight responsibility is derived from the City's 
power and includes, but is not limited to:  (a) 
financial interdependency, (b) selection of 
governing authority, (c) designation of 
management, (d) ability to significantly influence 
operations, and (e) accountability for fiscal matters. 
 
The most significant manifestation of oversight is 
financial interdependency.  This includes the 
responsibility for financing deficits, entitlement to 
surpluses, and guarantees of "moral responsibility" 
for debt. 
 
Included in the accompanying financial statements 
are several funds that are administered by 
independent boards.  These include the Library 
fund, Parks fund, Employees' Retirement fund, 
Firefighters’ Pension fund, and the Police Pension 
fund. These organizations meet the criteria for 
inclusion in the City's financial statements. 
 
The following organizations are not part of the City 
of Spokane and are excluded from the 
accompanying financial statements: 
 
Community Colleges of Spokane 
The governing body is appointed by the Governor 
of the State of Washington.  The City has no 
oversight responsibility nor does any financial 
interdependency exist between the two entities. 
 
Spokane School District #81 
The voters of the school district elect the governing 
body and taxes are levied by the school district 
itself.  The City has no ov ersight responsibility nor 
does any financial interdependency exist between 
the two entities. 
 
Spokane Housing Authority 
The governing body is appointed by the Mayor of 
the City.  It is an independent entity that does not 
have taxing authority, but can issue bonds.  State 
law provides that liabilities incurred by them be 
satisfied from their assets and that no person shall 
have any right of action against the City on account 
of their debts, obligations and liabilities.  The City 
does not, therefore, have oversight responsibility 
nor does any financial interdependency exist 
between the two entities. 
  
C-27City of Spokane 
 
Notes to the Financial Statements 49 
 
Spokane Transit Authority 
The governing body is appointed jointly by the City 
and Spokane County.  Small cities in the Spokane 
Transit Authority service area also elect a 
representative.  The Ci ty has no oversight 
responsibility nor does any financial 
interdependency exist. 
 
Spokane Public Facilities District 
The governing board consists of five members.  
Two are appointed by the City, two by Spokane 
County, and the fifth member is selected by the 
other four members.  T he City has no oversight 
responsibility nor does any financial 
interdependency exist. 
 
Blended Component Units 
Blended component units, although legally 
separate entities, are those considered to be part of 
the city’s operation in substance.  They are 
financially accountable to the city, or have 
relationships with the city such that exclusion would 
cause the reporting entity’s financial statements to 
be misleading or incomplete.  These entities are 
reported as blended component units because city 
officials either serve on or appoint the members of 
the governing bodies of the authorities.  The city 
also has the ability to influence the operations of 
the authorities through legislation. 
 
The Northeast Public Development Authority was 
created to invest in community outreach, 
infrastructure, economic development 
partnerships, and land development to create 
business and job opportunities within the 
northeast development target area.  As of 
December 31, 2013, there were no financial 
transactions that are reported in the city’s financial 
statements. 
 
The University Public Development Authority was 
established to cultivate an urban university district 
environment favorable to development.  As of 
December 31, 2013, there were no financial 
transactions that are reported in the city’s financial 
statements. 
 
The Spokane Transportation Benefit District (TBD) 
was created to make transportation improvements 
consistent with existing state, regional, and local 
transportation plans.  The financial transactions of 
the TBD are shown in the Combining Statement of 
Changes in Assets and Liabilities, Agency Funds. 
 
Joint Ventures 
The City participates in two joint ventures.  These 
include the Spokane International Airport and the 
Spokane Regional Transportation Council.  The 
Spokane Regional Transportation Council is 
accounted for by the City in an Agency fund.  The 
Spokane International Airport is not part of the City 
and is excluded from the accompanying financial 
statements.  See Note 11, Joint Ventures, which 
more fully describes these organizations. 
 
 
B. GOVERNMENT-WIDE AND FUND 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
Government-Wide Financial Statements 
The city presents two basic government-wide 
financial statements:  the Statement of Net Position 
and the Statement of Activities.  These 
government-wide financial statements report 
information on all activities of the primary 
government unit and its component units, if any.  
The financial information for the primary 
government is distinguished between governmental 
and business-type activities.  Governmental 
activities generally are financed through taxes and 
intergovernmental revenues.  Business-type 
activities are financed in whole or in part by fees 
charged to external parties for goods and services. 
 
Statement of Net Position 
The Statement of Net Position presents the city’s 
assets and liabilities.  As a general rule, balances 
between governmental and business-type activities 
are eliminated. 
 
Assets and liabilities are presented in a net assets 
format in order of liquidity.  Net position (assets and 
deferred outflows of resources less liabilities and 
deferred inflows of resources) are classified into 
three categories: 
  
City of Spokane 
 
50 Notes to the Financial Statements 
 
 Net investment in capital assets consists of 
capital assets, net of accumulated depreciation 
and reduced by outstanding balances of 
bonds, notes, and other debt that are attributed 
to the acquisition, construction, or improvement 
of those assets. 
 
 Restricted net position results when constraints 
are placed on net asset use either by external 
parties or by law through enabling legislation. 
 
 Unrestricted net positio n consists of amounts 
that do not meet the definition of the two 
preceeding categories. 
 
Statement of Activities 
The Statement of Activities reports the extent to 
which each major city program is supported by 
general city revenues or is self-financed through 
fees and intergovernmental aid.  For governmental 
activities, a major program is defined as a function.  
For business-type activities, a major program is an 
identifiable activity. 
 
Program revenues offset the direct expenses of 
major programs.  Direct expenses are those that 
are clearly identifiable within a specific function or 
activity.  Program revenues are identified using the 
following criteria: 
 
 Charges to customers for goods and services 
of the program.  A customer is one who directly 
benefits from the goods or services or is 
otherwise directly affe cted by the program, 
such as a city resident or taxpayer or other 
governments or nongovernmental entities. 
 
 Amounts received from outside entities that are 
restricted to one or more specific programs.  
These amounts can be operating or capital in 
nature. 
 
 Earnings on investments that are restricted to a 
specific program are also considered program 
revenues. 
 
General revenues consist of taxes and other items 
not meeting the definition of program revenues. 
 
Generally the effect of internal activities is 
eliminated.  Exceptions to this rule include charges 
between the workers’ compensation and risk 
management insurance programs and the various 
other city programs and fu nctions.  Elimination of 
these charges would distor t the direct costs and 
revenues reported for the various activities 
involved. 
 
Fund Financial Statements 
The City uses 302 accounts that are combined into 
186 rollup funds.  The city presents separate 
financial statements for governmental funds, 
proprietary funds, and fiduciary funds.  Major 
individual governmental funds and major individual 
proprietary funds are reported in separate columns 
in the fund financial statements, with nonmajor 
funds being combined into a single column 
regardless of fund type.  Internal service and 
fiduciary funds are reported by fund type.  Major 
funds include: 
 
Major Governmental Funds 
 
 General Fund is the city’s primary operating 
fund.  This fund accounts for all financial 
resources and transactions not accounted for 
in other funds. 
 
Major Enterprise Funds 
 
 Water/Sewer Fund accounts for the operation 
and construction of the water and wastewater 
distribution systems, the hydroelectric facilities, 
and the wastewater treatment facility, and 
accounts for all revenues and expenses 
incurred in its operation. 
 
 Solid Waste Fund is used to account for the 
collection and disposal of the city’s refuse, 
including curbside and yard waste recycling.  
The operation of the waste-to-energy facility is 
also accounted for in this fund. 
 
The city includes the following governmental and 
proprietary fund types within nonmajor funds. 
 
  
C-28City of Spokane 
 
Notes to the Financial Statements 51 
 
Nonmajor Governmental Funds 
 
 Special Revenue Funds  account for the 
proceeds of specific revenue sources (other 
than trusts for private organizations, or other 
governments, or for major capital projects) that 
are restricted or committed to expenditures for 
specific purposes.  Thes e include a variety of 
city programs including the city’s street 
program, parks department, and community 
development programs. 
 
 Debt Service Funds  account for the 
accumulation of resources that are restricted or 
committed to expenditures for, and the 
payment of, principal and interest on the city’s 
bonds issued in support of governmental 
activities. 
 
 Capital Projects Funds account for financial 
resources that are restricted or committed to 
expenditures for the acquisition, construction, 
or improvement of major city-owned facilities 
(other than those financed by proprietary 
funds). 
 
Nonmajor Proprietary Funds 
 
 Enterprise Funds account for the city’s 
business type operations for which a fee is 
charged to external users for goods or services 
such as golf and building permits. 
 
 Internal Service Funds account for the city’s 
risk management, data processing, accounting, 
utility billing, fleet services, and other services 
provided by one department to other 
departments of the city on a cost-
reimbursement basis. 
 
Fiduciary Funds 
 
The city reports the following fiduciary funds: 
 
 Pension (and other Employee Benefit) Trust 
Funds are used to report resources that are 
required to be held in trust by the city for the 
members and beneficiaries of its defined 
benefit and other employee benefits plans. 
 
 Private-Purpose Trust Fund is used to report 
trust arrangements, other than pension trusts, 
under which trust principal and income benefit 
individuals, private organizations, or other 
governments. 
 
 Agency Funds account for resources held by 
the city in a custodial capacity for other 
governments, private organizations, or 
individuals. 
 
C. MEASUREMENT FOCUS AND BASIS 
OF ACCOUNTING 
 
For government-wide reporting purposes, the city 
uses the economic resources measurement focus 
and the accrual basis of accounting.  Revenues are 
recorded when earned and expenses are recorded 
when a liability is incurred, regardless of the timing 
of the related cash flows.  Property taxes are 
recognized as revenue in the year for which they 
are levied.  Grants and similar items are 
recognized as revenue as soon as the eligibility 
requirements imposed by the provider have been 
met. 
 
For fund statement reporting purposes, the city 
uses the current financial resources measurement 
focus and modified accrual basis of accounting for 
governmental funds.  With the current financial 
resources measurement focus, generally only 
current assets and liabilities are included on the 
governmental funds balance sheet.  Operating 
statements for these funds present inflows (i.e., 
revenues and other financing sources) and 
outflows (i.e., expenditures and other financing 
uses) of expendable financial resources. 
 
Under the modified accrual basis of accounting, 
revenues are recognized when susceptible to 
accrual (i.e., when they become both measurable 
and available).  “Measurable” means the amount of 
the transaction can be reasonably estimated.  
“Available” means collectible within the current 
period or soon enough thereafter to be used to pay 
for liabilities of the current period.  Primary 
revenues that are determined to be susceptible to 
accrual include sales taxes, business and 
occupation taxes, federal grants in aid, and 
charges for services.  
City of Spokane 
 
52 Notes to the Financial Statements 
 
Revenues from property taxes are determined to 
be available if collectible within 60 days.  Taxes 
imposed on exchange transactions are accrued 
when the underlying exchange transaction occurs if 
collectible within one year.  Revenues from 
licenses, permits, and fees are recognized when 
received in cash.  Revenues related to 
expenditure-driven grant agreements are 
recognized when the qualif ying expenditures are 
made, provided that the eligibility criteria is met.  
Expenditure-driven grant revenue is considered 
available if it can be collected by the city at the 
same time cash is disbursed to cover the 
associated grant expenditure.  Pledges are 
accrued when the eligibility requirements are met 
and resources are available.  All other accrued 
revenue sources are determined to be available if 
collected within 12 months. 
 
Property taxes are levied in December for the 
following calendar year.  The first half-year 
collections are due by April 30, and the second 
half-year collections are due by October 31.  The 
lien date on property taxes is January 1 of the tax 
levy year. 
 
Under modified accrual accounting, expenditures 
are generally recognized when the related liability 
is incurred.  However, unmatured interest on 
general long-term obligations is recognized when 
due, and certain compensated absences, other 
postemployment benefits, and claims and 
judgments are recognized when the obligations are 
expected to be liquidated with available 
expendable financial resources. 
 
The city reports deferred inflows of resources on 
the balance sheet of its governmental funds under 
certain conditions.  Deferred inflows of resources 
arise when a potential revenue does not meet both 
the “measurable” and “available” criteria for 
revenue recognition in the current period.  Deferred 
inflows of resources also arise when resources are 
received by the city before it has a legal claim to 
them, such as when grant monies are received 
prior to incurring qualifying expenditures/expenses. 
 
All proprietary and trust funds are accounted for 
using the economic resources measurement focus.  
With this measurement focus, all assets and 
liabilities associated with the operation of these 
funds are included on their respective statement of 
net position.  Operat ing statements present 
increases (i.e., revenues) and decreases (i.e., 
expenses) in total net position. 
 
Net position for trust funds are held in trust for 
external individuals and organizations. 
 
All proprietary and trust funds are reported using 
the accrual basis of accounting.  Under the accrual 
basis of accounting, revenues are recognized when 
earned and expenses are recognized when 
incurred. 
 
Excess of Expenditures Over Appropriations 
 
The following governmental funds reported excess 
expenditures and other uses over appropriations: 
 
Fund Amount
Hotel/Motel Lodging 439,827              
Emergency Medical Services 32,756                
Community Development 11,478                
CDBG Revolving 369,786              
Rental Rehabilitiation 19,744                
Housing Stabilization 18,360                
Total 891,951$            
 
  
C-29City of Spokane 
 
Notes to the Financial Statements 53 
 
Funds with Deficit Fund Balance/Net Position 
 
The following funds reported deficit fund 
balance/net position as of December 31, 2013: 
 
Fund Amount
Accounting Services 461,185              
Total 461,185$            
 
The Accounting Services Fund deficit is the result 
of under-charging other City funds for actual 
expenses of the internal service fund.  Budgeted 
allocations to other funds were underestimated.  
The City plans to fully recover the deficit from the 
internal customer funds by the end of 2014. 
 
D. BUDGETARY INFORMATION 
 
Annual appropriated budgets are adopted for all 
funds within the City, including the General, Special 
Revenue, Debt Service, and Capital Projects funds.  
For governmental funds, t here are no differences 
between the budgetary basis and generally 
accepted accounting principles.  Budgetary 
accounts are integrated in fund ledgers for all 
budgeted funds, but the financial statements 
include budgetary comparisons for annually 
budgeted governmental funds only. 
 
The budget basis is substantially the same as the 
basis of accounting in all governmental funds. 
 
The City follows these policies and procedures in 
establishing the budgetary data reported in the 
financial statements: 
 
1. Prior to November 1, the Mayor submits to 
the City Council a preliminary budget and 
budget message and files it with the City 
Clerk. 
 
2. Public hearings are conducted to obtain 
taxpayers comments. 
 
3. Prior to January 1, the budget is legally 
adopted through passage of an ordinance.  
The City is required by state law to adopt a 
balanced budget. 
 
4. The Mayor is authorized to transfer 
budgeted amounts between departments 
within any fund; however, any revisions 
that alter the total expenditures of a fund, 
authorized employee positions, salary 
ranges, hours or other conditions of 
employment must be approved by the City 
Council. 
 
5. A comparison of budget to actual is used 
as a management control device during 
the year for all funds. 
 
6. The expenditures of a given fund may not 
legally exceed its appropriations. 
 
7. The financial statements contain the 
original and final budget information.  The 
original budget is the first complete 
appropriated budget.  The final budget is 
the original budget adjusted by all 
reserves, transfers, allocations, 
supplemental appropriations, and other 
legally authorized changes applicable for 
the fiscal year. 
 
8. The level of control for adopted budgets is 
at the fund level. 
 
9. Any unexpended appropriation balances 
automatically lapse at year-end. 
 
Encumbrances 
An encumbrance system is maintained to account 
for commitments resulting from approved purchase 
orders, work orders and contracts.  Encumbrances 
at year-end represent the estimated amount of 
expenditures ultimately to result if unperformed 
contracts and open purchase orders in process are 
completed.  Encumbrances outstanding at year-
end for unfulfilled obligations of the current year 
budget are reappropriated in the succeeding year. 
  
City of Spokane 
 
54 Notes to the Financial Statements 
 
 
E. ASSETS, LIABILITIES, AND NET 
POSITION 
 
1. Cash and Equivalents 
 
It is the City's policy to invest all temporary cash 
surpluses.  At December 31, 2013, the Treasurer 
was holding $271.2 million in short-term residual 
investments of surplus cash.  This amount is 
classified on the balance sheet as cash and cash 
equivalents in various funds.  The interest on these 
investments is credited to the General Fund.  Cash 
and equivalents include cash on hand, cash in 
banks, and petty cash funds. 
 
2. Pooled Investments 
 
The City Treasurer invests all temporary cash 
surpluses.  For reporting purposes, investments 
are stated at fair value or amortized cost, which 
approximates fair value. 
 
3. Receivables 
 
Accounts receivable are stated net of allowances 
for uncollectible accounts. Estimated unbilled 
accounts receivable for the Water, Sewer and Solid 
Waste funds have been recognized as revenue.  
Accrued interest receivable consists of amounts 
earned on investments, notes and contracts at year 
end. 
 
4. Amounts Due to and from Other Funds 
and Governments and Interfund Loans 
 
Activity between funds that is representative of 
lending/borrowing arrangements outstanding at the 
end of the fiscal year is referred to as either 
Interfund Loans Receivable , Advances to Other 
Funds, Interfund Loan Payable  or Due To/From 
Other Funds.  Any residual balances outstanding 
between the governmental activities and business-
type activities are reported in the government-wide 
financial statements as “internal balances”. 
 
Loans between funds, as reported in the fund 
financial statements, are offset by a fund balance 
reserve account in applicable governmental funds 
to indicate that they are not available for 
appropriation and are not expendable available 
financial resources. 
 
5. Inventories  
 
Inventories are valued at average cost.  The 
inventories of governmental funds, parks fund, 
proprietary funds, water warehouse, water meter 
shop, wastewater treatment plant and utilities 
garage are maintained on a perpetual inventory 
system.  Other reported inventories are determined 
by physical count. 
 
Reported inventories in governmental funds consist 
of expendable supplies held for consumption.  The 
cost thereof has been recorded as an expenditure 
at the time individual inventory items were 
purchased (purchase method).  Reported 
inventories in these funds are fully offset by a fund 
balance reserve, which indicates they are 
unavailable for appropriation.  A comparison to 
market value is not considered necessary. 
 
6. Restricted Assets 
 
The proceeds of enterprise fund revenue bonds, as 
well as other resources, are restricted by applicable 
bond ordinances for construction costs and debt 
service payments.  The cu rrent portion of related 
liabilities is shown as Payables from Restricted 
Assets.  Owners and operators of Solid Waste 
Landfill units are required under the Washington 
Administrative Code to  establish financial 
assurance for closure and post-closure monitoring 
of those units.  Specific  reserve requirements are 
described in Note 12, Enterprise Funds. 
 
The restricted assets of the enterprise funds are 
composed of the following: 
C-30City of Spokane 
 
Notes to the Financial Statements 55 
 
Nature of Restricted Assets Amount
Equity in Pooled Investments - 
Landfill Liability 10,505,120$      
Total 10,505,120$      
 
7. Other Noncurrent Assets 
 
Other Long-Term Assets include long-term 
Contracts Receivable in the Water/Sewer fund and 
Other Long-Term Assets in the Solid Waste fund.  
See Note 12, Enterprise Funds for a description of 
noncurrent assets. 
 
8. Unearned Revenue 
 
Unearned revenue includes deferred inflows of 
resources such as property taxes and special 
assessment receivables, as well as revenues 
collected in advance for golf. 
 
9. Capital Assets (see Note 4) 
 
Except as noted below, it is the city’s policy to 
capitalize: 
 
 All land; 
 
 All additions and improvements to the 
city’s road system; 
 
 Intangible assets; 
 
 Buildings, building improvements, and 
leasehold improvements with a cost of 
$5,000 or more; and 
 
 All other capital assets with a unit cost of 
$5,000 or greater 
 
Capital assets such as property, plant, equipment, 
and infrastructure (e.g., roads, bridges, sidewalks, 
and similar items), are reported in the applicable 
governmental or business-type columns in the 
government-wide financial statements.  The City 
defines capital assets as assets with an initial, 
individual cost of more than $5,000 and an 
estimated useful life in excess of one year.  Such 
assets are recorded at historical cost or estimated 
historical cost if purchased or constructed.  
Donated capital assets are recorded at estimated 
fair market value at the date of donation. 
 
The cost of normal maintenance and repairs that 
do not add to the value of the asset or materially 
extend asset lives are not capitalized. 
 
Property, plant and equipment of the primary 
government are depreciated using the straight line 
method over the following estimated useful lives. 
 
Category Useful Life (in
Years)
Buildings & Improvements 50-60
Infrastructure 40-60
Light/Heavy Duty Vehicles 5-10
Other Equipment 2-20
Heavy Equipment 10
Water Mains 60
Water Hydrants 50-60
Sewer Interceptors 100
 
Major outlays for capital assets and improvements 
are capitalized as projec ts are constructed.  
Interest incurred during the construction phase of 
capital assets of business-type activities is included 
as part of the capitalized value of the assets 
constructed.  
 
10. Compensated Absences 
 
Employees accrue ten days of vacation leave per 
year for up to five years of service. From five to 
twenty years, three to four weeks are accrued 
depending on length of service; five weeks are 
accrued at the beginning of the twentieth year, 
and six weeks are accrued at the beginning of the 
thirtieth year.  An employee may accumulate paid 
vacation leave not to exceed two hundred hours 
or two times the employee’s annual leave accrual, 
whichever is greater.  The City has a policy of 
City of Spokane 
 
56 Notes to the Financial Statements 
 
payment of the full amount of unused vacation 
leave up to the maximum accrual allowed upon 
termination or retirement. 
 
The sick leave policy of the City varies according 
to the contract provisions of the various 
bargaining units.  The most generous provision 
provides vesting, after five years of service, of 
25% of the recorded sick  leave at the date of 
resignation, and 40% upon retirement.  There is 
no cash payment until resignation or retirement 
and the maximum payout cannot be in excess of 
960 hours for any employee. 
 
All vacation and sick pay is accrued when 
incurred in the government-wide, proprietary, and 
fiduciary fund financial statements.  An additional 
amount has been accrued for the government’s 
share of Social Security and Medicare Taxes 
relating to the vacation and sick leave accrual. 
 
11. Long-Term Liabilities (See Note 9) 
 
In the government-wide financial statements, and 
proprietary fund types in the fund financial 
statements, long-term debt and other long-term 
obligations are reported as liabilities in the 
applicable governmental activities, business-type 
activities, or proprietary fund type statement of net 
position.  Bond premiums and discounts, as well as 
issuance costs, are deferred and amortized over 
the life of the bonds using the straight-line or 
bonds-outstanding method.  Bonds payable are 
reported net of the applicable bond premium or 
discount.  Bond issuance costs are reported as 
deferred charges and amortized over the term of 
the related debt.  
 
In the fund financial statements, governmental fund 
types recognize bond premiums and discounts, as 
well as bond issuance costs, during the current 
period.  The face amount of debt issued is reported 
as other financing sources.  Premiums received on 
debt issuances are reported as other financing 
sources while discounts on debt issuances are 
reported as other financing uses.  Issuance costs, 
whether or not withheld from the actual debt 
proceeds received, are reported as debt service 
expenditures. 
 
12. Deferred Inflows of Resources 
 
This account includes amounts recognized as 
receivables but not revenues in governmental 
funds because the revenue recognition criteria 
have not been met. 
 
13. Governmental Fund Balance 
 
The city’s governmental fund balance amounts are 
classified according to the relative constraints that 
control how amounts can be spent.  Classifications 
include: 
 
 Nonspendable.  Balances that either are 
not in a spendable form or are legally or 
contractually required to remain intact. 
 
 Restricted.  Balances that are restricted 
for specific purposes by the constitution, 
enabling legislation or external resource 
providers such as creditors, grantors, or 
laws or regulations of other governments. 
 
 Committed.  Balances that can only be 
used for specific purposes pursuant to 
constraints imposed by formal action of the 
government’s highest level of decision-
making authority.  For the city, this formal 
action takes the form of statutes which are 
passed by the City Council and approved 
by the Mayor. 
 
 Assigned.  Balances that are constrained 
by management to be used for specific 
purposes, but are neither restricted nor 
committed. 
 
 Unassigned.  Residual balances that are 
not constrained in the other classifications. 
 
For purposes of fund balance classification, when 
both restricted and unrestricted resources are 
available for use, it is the city’s policy to use 
restricted resources first, then unrestricted 
resources as they are needed.  When unrestricted 
resources are used, committed resources are used 
first followed by assigned and unassigned 
resources respectively. 
 
C-31City of Spokane 
 
Notes to the Financial Statements 57 
 
The detail of the governmental funds committed 
and assigned fund balances at December 31, 2013 
are shown below: 
 
 
Fund Balance General Fund
Nonmajor 
Governmental 
Funds
Total
Nonspendable:
  Interfund loans receivable 994,020$                     4,288,245$                 5,282,265$                 
      Total Nonspendable Fund Balance 994,020                       4,288,245                    5,282,265                    
Rest rict ed for:
  Capital projects -                                26,208,119                 26,208,119                 
  Debt service -                                5,855,848                    5,855,848                    
  Grants 636,836                       40,828,651                 41,465,487                 
  Police/firefighters' pension -                                403,498                       403,498                       
  Other -                                57,419                         57,419                         
     Total Restricted Fund Balance 636,836                       73,353,535                 73,990,371                 
Commit t ed for:
  Contingency reserve 13,841,319                 -                                13,841,319                 
  Revenue stabilization 674,454                       -                                674,454                       
  Inventories -                                1,194,392                    1,194,392                    
  City facilities -                                159,476                       159,476                       
  Communication -                                4,403,633                    4,403,633                    
  Transportation 487,312                       709,049                       1,196,361                    
  Public safety -                                6,371,114                    6,371,114                    
  Culture and recreation -                                3,363,563                    3,363,563                    
  Community development 11,225                         -                                11,225                         
  Benefits -                                4,434                           4,434                           
     Total Committed Fund Balance 15,014,310                 16,205,661                 31,219,971                 
Assigned for:
  Parks construction/financing -                                25,000                         25,000                         
  Park revenue stabilization -                                300,000                       300,000                       
   Parks -                                263,607                       263,607                       
  Library capital replacement 267,821                       -                                267,821                       
   Street maintenance -                                3,621,869                    3,621,869                    
   Human Services -                                1,370,677                    1,370,677                    
   Law enforcement -                                345,728                       345,728                       
  Encumbrances 2,236,471                    7,501,945                    9,738,416                    
  Code enforcement 86,106                         -                                86,106                         
  City facilities/improvement 85,845                         -                                85,845                         
  Other purposes 5,407                           -                                5,407                           
     Total Assigned Fund Balance 2,681,650                    13,428,826                 16,110,476                 
Total 19,326,816$               107,276,267$             126,603,083$             
City of Spokane 
 
58 Notes to the Financial Statements 
 
Fund balance has been restated as follows: 
 
Fund Balance 
(Deficit) at 12/31/12 Fund Reclassification Fund Balance as 
restated 01/01/13
Governmental Funds
   Real Estate Rental Fund 128,813$                     (8,860)$                       119,953$                     
   Community Development Block Revolving Fund -                                18,231,402                 18,231,402                 
   Home Rehabilitation Fund 18,234,608                 (18,231,402)                3,206                           
   Special Assessment Construction Fund
1 (4,896,665)                  4,896,776                    111                               
Internal Service Funds
   Property Acquisition Fund
2 5,355,392                    (1,472,274)                  3,883,118                    
Total 18,822,148$               3,415,642$                 22,237,790$               
1The Special Assessment Construction Fund was a major fund in 2012, but is reported as a Nonmajor Internal Service 
Fund in 2013.  This change was necessary  to  better align the special assessment debt with the related assets, which 
had caused a negative fund balance in prior years.
2The net increase of $3.4 millio n is the recognition o f a capital asset fro m the Special Assessment Constructio n Fund 
that was no t reflected in the FY12 fund balance because it is a governmental fund.
 
 
 
14. Budgetary Reserves/Control 
 
Contingency Reserve .  This account was 
established in 2001 in the Spokane Municipal 
Code.  At each budget cycle commencing with year 
2001 and every year thereafter, an amount from 
the unappropriated general fund fund balance at 
each year end shall be appropriated to the 
contingency reserve account.  Additional funds 
may be added to the contingency reserve account 
in such amounts and at such additional times 
during the ensuing budget year in accordance with 
standard emergency budget ordinance procedures.   
 
Disbursements from this account are for the 
purpose of meeting extraordinary expenditures and 
are governed by the following criteria: 
 
1. Unforeseen circumstances arising after the 
adoption of the annual budget which 
require an unavoidable and non-continuing 
allocation; or  
 
2. Unforeseen emergency threatening health 
and/or safety of the citizens; or 
 
3. Unanticipated non-continuing expenses 
are needed to fulfill an unfunded legislative 
mandate; or  
 
4. Significant operating efficiencies can be 
achieved resulting in clearly identified near-
term and offsetting cost savings.  
Appropriations from this account are only 
approved by the standard emergency 
budget ordinance procedure. 
 
Revenue Stabilization.  At each and every year, 
commencing with the 2008 budget, amounts from 
the unappropriated general fund fund balance shall 
be appropriated to the revenue stabilization 
account until such time the account is funded to the 
targeted funding level.  (The initial targeted funding 
C-32City of Spokane 
 
Notes to the Financial Statements 59 
 
level within the revenue stabilization account was 
three and one-half percent of budgeted general 
fund revenues.) 
 
Disbursements from the revenue stabilization 
account may be made to mitigate a general fund 
revenue shortfall deemed by the City Council to 
meet the following criteria: 
 
1. Revenue shortfall results from revenue 
collections considered to be materially 
short of the amount budgeted, or the 
revenue shortfall results from projected 
baseline (existing) budgeted revenues for 
any ensuing year increasing by less than 
the assumed long-term revenue growth 
rate in the City’s six-year general fund 
projection for the immediate year; and 
 
2. The revenue shortfall is expected to persist 
through the end of the fiscal year; and 
 
3. The revenue shortfall is reasonably 
expected to persist for a period no longer 
than three years.  A revenue shortfall 
expected to persist beyond three years 
shall be directly addressed in the current 
annual budget process through long-term 
budget measures. 
 
Disbursements from the revenue stabilization 
account may include amounts budgeted in the 
general fund to supplement revenue shortfalls that 
occur in other city funds.  Appropriations from this 
account are only approved by the standard 
emergency budget ordinance procedure. 
 
Park Fund Reserve.  The Parks Fund is overseen 
by an independent board of commissioners.  This 
board approved a reserve of three percent of the 
annual budget to be maintained for emergencies, 
risk management and economic uncertainty.  All 
appropriations from this reserve account require 
prior Parks Board approval unless previously 
specifically authorized for expenditure in the annual 
budget. 
 
15. Encumbrances 
 
The City establishes encumbrances to record the 
amount of purchase orders, contracts, and other 
obligations which have not yet been fulfilled, 
cancelled, or discharged.  Of the $18.9 million in 
outstanding encumbrances at December 31, $9.7 
million were carried forward to the subsequent 
budget year as follows, and have been classified 
as assigned fund balance as follows: 
 
Encumbrances Amount
General Fund 2,236,471$         
Other Governmental Funds 7,501,945           
Total 9,738,416$         
 
 
F. Other Significant Accounting Policies 
 
Budgeting, Accounting and Reporting System 
(BARS) 
 
The State of Washington Office of State Auditor 
was granted authority pursuant to the Revised 
Code of Washington (RCW 43.09.200 and 
43.09.230) to prescribe the Budgeting, Accounting 
and Reporting System (BARS).  The purpose of the 
BARS manual is to provide for uniformity in 
budgeting, accounting and reporting by all local 
government entities within the State of Washington.  
The City has established its own chart of accounts 
for accounting purposes and converts to BARS 
accounts for State reporting. 
 
 
Note 2 
Deposits and Investments 
 
 
A. Deposits and Investments for the City 
of Spokane 
 
The City has the authority to invest in both pooled 
investments (Treasurer's Cash Investments) and 
fund investments.  The Chief Financial Officer has 
City of Spokane 
 
60 Notes to the Financial Statements 
 
the authority to determine t he availability of funds 
for both pooled and fund investments and takes 
into consideration such needs as requests of 
individual fund managers, current cash needs, lead 
time, minimum investment amount and maturities 
necessary to avoid sacrifice of interest earnings.  
Interest earnings on Treasurer's Cash Investments 
are credited to the General Fund. 
 
Deposits 
At year end the carrying amount of the City's 
deposits was $271.2 million.  These deposits 
consisted of money market accounts at banks, 
bank savings, amounts deposited with Washington 
State’s Local Government Investment Pool (LGIP) 
and checking accounts.  All of these deposits are 
entirely insured by pledged collateral on deposit 
with the Washington State Public Deposit 
Protection Commission.  Effective October 3, 2008, 
the basic limit on federal deposit insurance 
coverage was increased to $250,000 per depositor. 
 
Credit Risk 
The credit risk of the LGIP is limited as most 
investments are either obligations of the US 
government, government sponsored enterprises, 
or insured demand deposit accounts and 
certificates of deposit.  Investments or deposits 
held by the LGIP are all classified as category one 
risk level investments.  They are either insured or 
held by a third-party custody provider in the 
LGIP’s name. 
 
Custodial Credit Risk 
Per GASB 40 guidelines the LGIP balances are 
also not subject to custodial credit risk.  The 
Washington Public Deposit Protection 
Commission provides security for public 
treasurers by protecting public deposits which 
exceed the amount insured by the FDIC.  Total 
deposits by a single treasurer may not exceed the 
depositary’s Washington proportional net worth.  
A public depositary may accept public deposits in 
total not to exceed one and one-half times its 
Washington proportional net worth or thirty 
percent of total public funds on deposit statewide.  
If a depositary’s public fund deposits exceed 
either of these limitations, it must collateralize 
excess deposits at one hundred percent.  In 
addition, a depositary must meet certain financial 
standards set by the Commission.  Any public 
depositary which does not comply with these 
financial standards is required to collateralize all 
of its public deposits at one hundred percent. 
 
Interest Rate Risk 
The Local Government Investment Pool is an un-
rated 2a-7 like pool, as defined by GASB 31.  
Accordingly, participants’ balances in the LGIP 
are not subject to interest rate risk, as the 
weighted average maturity of the portfolio will not 
exceed 90 days. 
 
Investments 
As of December 31, 2013, the City of Spokane had 
the following investments: 
 
Fund Amount
U.S. government agencies 248,962,281$             
Local improvement district progress payments 1,475,479                    
Property acquisition fund bonds 11,014,065                 
Consolidated local improvement district bonds 2,520,709                    
Total 263,972,534$             
 
The weighted average maturity of the U.S. agency 
investments is 5.07 years.  Progress warrants are 
issued in payment for construction projects for the 
City’s local improvement districts.  The warrants 
are interest bearing and are redeemed once long 
term bonds are issued following completion of the 
projects.  All warrants are claims and liens against 
the property acquisition fund. 
 
B. Deposits and Investments for the 
Spokane Employees’ Retirement 
System (SERS) 
 
Deposits 
The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation 
(FDIC) insures the cash deposits up to $250,000 
per member of the System.  As provided by State 
of Washington RCW 43.84, the Washington 
Public Deposit Protection Commission (PDPC) 
collateralizes deposits in excess of $100,000. 
 
C-33City of Spokane 
 
Notes to the Financial Statements 61 
 
Deposit Type Value
Cash held by Treasurer 192,910$          
Short term investments 1,523,566         
Balance, December 31, 2013 1,716,476$       
 
Investments 
The Spokane Employees’ Retirement System’s 
(the System) investment management policy is 
set by the Board of Administration.  The 
investment policy sets strategic asset allocation 
targets and ranges for all approved asset classes.  
SERS’ investments are governed by an 
investment authority known as the “prudent 
person rule.”  The prudent person rule, as set 
forth by state statute, establishes a standard for 
all fiduciaries, which includes anyone who has 
authority with respect to the System.  SERS 
investments are categorized to give an indication 
of the level of risk assumed by the System at year 
end. 
 
Investments of the pension trust funds are 
reported at fair market value. The Board of 
Administration maintains a formal Statement of 
Investment Policy, which addresses governing 
provisions and additional guidelines for the 
investment process. In fulf illing its responsibilities, 
the Board of Administration has contracted with 
investment managers, a custodian, and an 
independent investment consultant. Investment 
manager contracts include specific guidelines 
regarding the investments under management.  
The independent investment consultant monitors 
the fund on a regular basis and provides quarterly 
reports to staff and the Board.  The SERS’ chief 
investment officer (CIO), who also serves as the 
Retirement Director, also monitors the fund on a 
regular basis. 
 
In 2007, the Board approved a new asset 
allocation, which includes an allocation to 
alternative investments.  Funding of these limited 
partnerships began in late 2007 and continued 
into 2013.  The term “alternative investments” 
encompasses a broad category of nontraditional 
investments.  Each alternative investment that 
SERS enters into has been carefully studied by 
the System’s independent investment consultant 
and has been reviewed by staff and the Board.  
The asset allocation study that was modeled by 
the independent consultant demonstrated that 
alternative assets have negative correlations to 
traditional asset classes and are expected to add 
value to the portfolio, over time.  The Director and 
Board believe that the use of alternative 
investments is a prudent approach to managing 
risk. 
 
Credit Risk 
C r e d i t  r i s k  i s  t h e  r i s k  t h a t  a n  i s s u e r  o r  o t h e r  
counterparty to an investment will not fulfill its 
obligations to the System.  Although the SERS’ 
Investment Policy does not specifically address 
credit risk, this risk is mitigated by closely 
monitoring the credit quality ratings of its fixed 
income portfolios and by setting criteria for fixed 
income manager selection.  SERS’ fixed income 
assets are comprised of four mutual funds, which 
are non-rated.  The fair market value of the mutual 
funds is $45.4 million as of December 31, 2013. 
 
Custodial Credit Risk  
Custodial credit risk is the risk that in the event of 
a financial institution or bank failure, the System 
would not be able to recover the value of its 
deposits and investments that are in the 
possession of an outside party.  Under 
Governmental Accounting Standard No. 40, 
Deposit and Investment Risk Disclosures 
guidelines, the System does not have exposure to 
custodial credit risk. 
 
Concentration of Credit Risk 
Concentration of credit risk is the risk of loss that 
may be attributed to the magnitude of an 
investment in a single issuer.  The System does 
not have any investments from a single issuer 
(excluding investments in government fixed 
income securities) that represent more than 5% of 
the System’s net assets. 
 
City of Spokane 
 
62 Notes to the Financial Statements 
 
Interest Rate Risk 
Market or interest rate risk is the greatest risk 
faced by an investor in the debt securities market. 
The price of a debt security typically moves in the 
opposite direction of the change in interest rates. 
Interest rate risk is the risk that changes in interest 
rates will adversely affect the fair value of an 
investment.  Although the SERS’ Investment 
Policy does not specifically address interest rate 
risk, the System’s fixed income portfolio is 
professionally managed with an expected range of 
interest rate risk within the portfolio.  In addition, 
the portfolio is closely monitored by the 
independent consultant and the CIO.  The 
following table shows the System’s fixed income 
assets by investment type, market value and 
average effective maturity as of December 31, 
2013.  The portfolio contains additional 
investments of $203 million for a total portfolio of 
$241.8 million. 
 
 
Investment Type Total Market 
Value Less than 1 Year 1-5 Years 6-10 Years More than 10 
Years
Mutual funds
   PIMCO Low Duration 5,455,170$         -$                     5,455,170$         -$                     -$                     
   Vanguard Short Term 6,190,509           -                       6,190,509           -                       -                       
   American Beacon Flexible 9,817,479           9,817,479           
   PIMCO Global 13,242,228         -                       -                       13,242,228         -                       
   Metropolitan West 10,725,058         -                       -                       10,725,058         -                       
Total 45,430,444$      -$                     21,463,158$      23,967,286$      -$                     
Percentage 100.0% 0.0% 47.2% 52.8% 0.0%
Average Effective Maturity
 
 
Foreign Currency Risk 
Foreign currency risk is the risk that changes in 
exchange rates will adversely impact the fair 
value of an investment. At December 31, 2013, 
22.4% of the System’s portfolio is invested in 
international mutual funds and a limited 
partnership fund of funds, which primarily 
consist of foreign equities.  The fair market value 
of the foreign securities is $66.3 million as of 
December 31, 2013.  Additionally, SERS has 
$13.2 million invested in an international/global 
fixed income fund, of which 55.7% is foreign 
fixed income holdings at December 31, 2013. 
The SERS’ Investment Policy does not 
specifically address foreign currency risk; 
however, the System considers foreign currency 
risk during the selection and monitoring process 
of the fund managers.
  
  
C-34City of Spokane 
 
Notes to the Financial Statements 63 
 
C. Deposits and Investments for the Spokane Firefighters’ Trust Fund  
 
Schedule of Credit Risk 
Investment Type Total Market 
Value AAA AA A BBB
U.S. government treasuries 3,486,765$         3,486,765$         -$                     -$                     -$                     
U.S. government agencies -                       -                       -                       -                       -                       
Mortgage backed governmental passthrough 2,560,224           -                       2,560,224           -                       -                       
Governmental CMOs 3,533,141           659,891              2,873,250           -                       -                       
Corporate notes and bonds 12,559,246         -                       2,259,344           7,572,570           2,727,332           
Asset backed securities 1,196,855           -                       711,151              485,704              -                       
Total 23,336,231$      4,146,656$         8,403,969$         8,058,274$         2,727,332$         
Percentage 100.0% 17.8% 36.0% 34.5% 11.7%
Investment Type
 
 
Schedule of Interest Rate Risk 
Investment Type Total Market 
Value Less than 1 Year 1-5 Years 6-10 Years More than 10 
Years
U.S. government treasuries 3,486,765$         1,400,168$         1,755,290$         331,307$            -$                     
U.S. government agencies -                       -                       -                       -                       -                       
Mortgage backed governmental passthrough 2,560,224           -                       162,701              1,552,207           845,316              
Governmental CMOs 3,533,141           -                       1,260,223           2,030,772           242,146              
Corporate notes and bonds 12,559,246         155,928              11,974,626         428,692              -                       
Asset backed securities 1,196,855           -                       -                       1,196,855           -                       
Total 23,336,231$      1,556,096$         15,152,840$      5,539,833$         1,087,462$         
Percentage 100.0% 6.7% 64.9% 23.7% 4.7%
Maturity
 
 
  
City of Spokane 
 
64 Notes to the Financial Statements 
 
Note 3 
Property Taxes 
 
The county treasurer acts as an agent to 
collect property taxes levied in the county for 
all taxing authorities.  The county assessor is 
responsible for determining what the 
individual property taxes are, based upon the 
monies requested by the taxing districts and 
the assessed valuation within these districts. 
 
January 1  Taxes are levied and become an enforceable 
lien against pro perties 
February 14  Tax bills are mailed 
April 30  First  of two equal inst allment payments due 
May 31  Assessed value of property established for next 
year's levy at 100% of market value 
October 31  Second of two equal installment payments due 
 
Property taxes are recorded as a receivable 
and revenue when levied.  Property taxes 
collected in advance of the fiscal year to 
which they apply are recorded as deferred 
revenue and recognized as revenue of the 
period to which they apply.  No allowance for 
uncollectible taxes is established because 
delinquent taxes are considered fully 
collectible.  Prior year tax levies were 
recorded using the same principal, and 
delinquent taxes are evaluated annually. 
 
The City is permitted by law to levy up to 
$3.60 per $1,000 of assessed valuation for 
general governmental services.  The City’s 
regular levy for 2013 was $3.03 per $1,000 
on an assessed valuation of $14,954 million, 
for a total regular levy of $45.3 million.  
Washington State Constitution and 
Washington State law, RCW 84.55.010, limit 
the rate. 
 
Special levies approved by the voters are not 
subject to the limitations listed above.  For 
2013, the total levy for Emergency Medical 
Services was $7.5 million. 
 
Note 4 
Capital Assets 
 
 
Capital asset activity for the year ended 
December 31, 2013 was as follows: 
 
 
 
C-35City of Spokane 
 
Notes to the Financial Statements 65 
 
Capital Assets
Jan 01, 2013 
Beginning 
Balance
Increases Decreases Dec 31, 2013 
Ending Balance
GOVERMENTAL ACTIVITIES
Capital assets not being depreciated 
   Land 832,257,338$        4,686,507$            (537,702)$              836,406,143$        
   Construction in progress 68,869,680            1,772,974              (38,818,283)          31,824,371            
Total capital assets, not being depreciated 901,127,018          868,230,514          
Capital assets, being depreciated:
   Buildings 86,647,994            2,090,885              (1,473,076)             87,265,803            
   Accumulated depreciation (34,430,945)          (2,122,965)             24,314                    (36,529,596)           
   Net buildings 52,217,049            50,736,207            
   Other improvements 69,083,859            14,128,292            (1,524,489)             81,687,662            
   Accumulated depreciation (20,826,806)          (5,099,285)             (501,643)                (26,427,734)           
   Net other improvements 48,257,053            55,259,928            
   Machinery and equipment
1 93,215,326            8,641,895              (5,315,362)             96,541,859            
   Accumulated depreciation (59,521,113)          (6,008,323)             3,760,404              (61,769,032)           
   Net machinery and equipment 33,694,213            34,772,827            
   Infrastructure 959,260,817          44,528,145            (3,214,578)             1,000,574,384       
   Accumulated depreciation (440,567,102)        (21,987,469)          2,153,974              (460,400,597)        
   Net infrastructure 518,693,715          540,173,787          
Total Capital assets, being depreciated (net) 652,862,030          680,942,749          
Governmental Activities, Capital Assets (net) 1,553,989,048$    1,549,173,263$    
1Capital asset from governmental funds transferred to internal service fund; beginning balance reduced accordingly 
since it's recorded as an increase in the proprietary funds.
   
City of Spokane 
 
66 Notes to the Financial Statements 
 
Capital Assets
Jan 01, 2013 
Beginning 
Balance
Increases Decreases Dec 31, 2013 
Ending Balance
BUSINESS-TYPE ACTIVITIES
Capital assets not being depreciated 
   Land 15,030,979$          44,048$                  (423,811)$              14,651,216$          
   Construction in progress 55,261,083            28,777,140            (24,086,181)          59,952,042            
Total capital assets, not being depreciated 70,292,062            74,603,258            
Capital assets, being depreciated:
   Buildings 288,547,218          2,984,473              (179,541)                291,352,150          
   Accumulated depreciation (165,226,225)        (8,998,637)             179,547                  (174,045,315)        
   Net buildings 123,320,993          117,306,835          
   Other improvements 64,641,368            9,225,988              -                          73,867,356            
   Accumulated depreciation (28,127,262)          (3,621,059)             -                          (31,748,321)           
   Net other improvements 36,514,106            42,119,035            
   Machinery and equipment 144,348,031          14,418,657            (2,788,756)             155,977,932          
   Accumulated depreciation (77,758,416)          (9,309,603)             2,728,444              (84,339,575)           
   Net machinery and equipment 66,589,615            71,638,357            
   Infrastructure 458,121,138          11,633,348            (16,221,297)          453,533,189          
   Accumulated depreciation (139,641,163)        (8,225,111)             940,361                  (146,925,913)        
   Net infrastructure 318,479,975          306,607,276          
   Intangible assets 113,766                  -                          -                          113,766                  
   Accumulated amortization (70,537)                  (2,273)                    (72,810)                  
   Net intangible assets 43,229                    40,956                    
Total Capital assets, being depreciated (net) 544,947,918          537,712,459          
Business-Type Activities, Capital Assets (net) 615,239,980$        612,315,717$        
DEPRECIATION
1,107,963$            
4,269,721              
277,355                  
23,081,175            
781,610                  
-                          
5,612,694              
35,130,518            
19,014,834$          
10,211,535            
930,317                  
30,156,686            
Economic environment
Governmental Activities:
General government
Public safety
Utilities environment
Transportation
Solid Waste
Other
Total Depreciation Expense - Business-Type Activities
Mental and physical health
Culture and recreation
Total Depreciation Expense - Governmental Activities
Business-Type Activities:
Water/Sewer
  
C-36City of Spokane 
 
Notes to the Financial Statements 67 
 
Note 5 
PENSION PLANS 
 
The City administers three single-employer, 
defined benefit retirement plans: 
 
 Spokane Employees' Retirement System 
(SERS) 
 
 Spokane Firefighters’ Pension 
 
 Spokane Police Relief and Pension 
 
The Law Enforcement Officers’ and Fire Fighters’ 
(LEOFF) system is a cont ributory multi-employer 
cost-sharing system operated by the State of 
Washington. 
 
The annual pension costs for the LEOFF system 
are determined in accordance with GASB 
Statements 25 and 27. 
 
Basis of Accounting 
Pension plans administered by the city are 
accounted for using the accrual basis of 
accounting.  Under the accrual basis of accounting, 
employee and employer contributions are 
recognized in the period in which employee 
services are performed; investment gains and 
losses are recognized when incurred; and benefits 
and refunds are recognized when due and payable 
in accordance with the terms of the applicable plan. 
 
State and local governmental employers, with 
some exceptions, are required to measure and 
disclose an amount for annual pension cost in 
accordance with the standards described by GASB 
Statement 27 (Accounting for Pensions by State 
and Local Governments) and GASB Statement 50 
(Pension Disclosures).  The methods and 
assumptions required for financial reporting are the 
same methods and assumptions used in 
determining a plan’s funding requirement, and are 
described in the publicly available actuarial reports 
for the three pension plans administered by the 
City of Spokane.  Those reports may be obtained 
by writing to the Retirement Department, City Hall, 
808 West Spokane Falls Blvd, Suite 604, 
Spokane, Washington, 99201, or by calling (509) 
625-6330. 
 
The pension financial statements were prepared 
using the accrual basis of accounting.  Employee 
and employer contributions, if required, are 
recorded as revenues in the period in which payroll 
is due and expenses are recorded when the 
corresponding liabilities are incurred.  Interest 
income is recognized when earned. 
 
Investments 
All fixed income, common stock, and short-term 
investments are reflected in the statement of Plan 
net assets and are listed at fair market value.  
Short-term investments are reported at cost, which 
approximates fair value.  Fixed income securities 
and common stock traded on national exchanges 
are valued at the last reported sales price.  This 
market value methodology of pricing is performed 
by Interactive Data Cor poration on a daily basis.  
Bloomberg and Merrill Lynch are also pricing 
sources.  Investments that do not have an 
established market are reported at estimated fair 
value. 
 
Certain investments, such as mutual funds and 
limited partnerships, net their management fees 
before the fund itself reports net investment income 
for the period. These investment expenses are 
netted against investment income in the Statement 
of Changes of Plan Net Assets to arrive at a net 
investment income amount. 
 
No investments were made in loans to or leases 
with any Spokane Employees’ Retirement System 
official, government employ er official, or party 
related to a Spokane Employees’ Retirement 
System official. 
 
Each plan’s investments may be used only for the 
payment of benefits to the members of that plan in 
accordance with the terms of the plan. 
 
The investments of the Firefighters’ Pension 
System are governed by an investment authority 
known as the “prudent person rule.”  The prudent 
person rule, as set forth by state statute, 
establishes a standard for all fiduciaries, which 
City of Spokane 
 
68 Notes to the Financial Statements 
 
includes anyone who has authority with respect to 
the Plan. 
 
The actuarial reports for the city-administered 
pension plans may be obtained by writing to City of 
Spokane Retirement Department, 808 West 
Spokane Falls Blvd., Suite 604, Spokane, 
Washington 99201. 
 
Plan descriptions, funding policies, a table of 
employer contributions required and paid for 
defined benefit plans, schedules of funded status 
and funding progress, defined benefit pension plan 
valuations, annual pension cost, and three year 
trend information will follow in Note 6B through 
Note 6H.  Information related to changes in 
actuarial assumptions and methods, and changes 
in benefit provisions are provided in Note 6H.  
Details on plan net assets and changes in plan net 
assets of pension plans and other employee 
benefit funds administered by the city are 
presented in Note 6E. 
 
Membership of each city administered plan as of  
the date of the last actuarial valuation for all plans 
(December 31, 2103 for Employees’ Retirement 
System and December 31, 2012 for the 
Firefighters’ and Police Pension Systems) is as 
follows: 
 
Plans Administered by the City
Retirees and 
Beneficiaries 
Receiving Benefits
Terminated 
Members Entitled 
To But Not Yet 
Receiving Benefits
Active Plan 
Members 
Active Plan 
Members Non 
Vested
Total Members
Employees' Retirement System 1,180                      98                            1,422                      -                          2,700                      
Firefighters' Pension System 285                         -                          5                              -                          290                         
Police Pension System 230                         -                          2                              -                          232                         
Total 1,695                      98                            1,429                      -                          3,222                      
 
 
 
B. PLAN DESCRIPTIONS 
 
Spokane Employees' Retirement System 
 
The Spokane Employees’ Retirement System 
(SERS) is a single employer defined benefit 
pension plan covering employees of the City of 
Spokane, administered in accordance with 
Chapters 3.05 and 4.14 of the Spokane Municipal 
Code (SMC). 
 
SERS is a pension trust fund of the City of 
Spokane and is presented within the fiduciary 
funds of the City’s comprehensive annual financial 
report.  SERS has separate legal standing.  The 
City is financially accountable for SERS because a 
financial burden is imposed on the City using the 
criteria of financial accountability. SERS has 
determined that there are no entities that require 
inclusion within its financial statements. 
 
All permanent employees of the City, including 
employees of the Plan, are eligible to belong to 
SERS with the exception of police and firefighters 
who are members of the Washington State Law 
Enforcement Officers’ and Fire Fighters’ 
Retirement System (LEOFF). 
 
SERS provides retirement , death, and disability 
benefits.  All employees hired on or before 
December 31, 2008 who participate in SERS are 
eligible for service retirement after completing five 
years of service if they are age 50 or older.  Their 
retirement benefits are calculated by multiplying 
2.15% of the member's highest consecutive two-
year average salary by the member's years of 
creditable service, not to exceed 64.5%.  All 
employees hired on or after January 1, 2009 who 
C-37City of Spokane 
 
Notes to the Financial Statements 69 
 
participate in SERS are eligible for service 
retirement after completing five years of service 
and are age 50 or older; however, this group of 
employees must have their age plus years of 
service equal to 75 before they can draw a 
pension.  Their retirement benefits are calculated 
by multiplying 2.0% of the member's highest 
consecutive two-year average salary by the 
member's years of creditable service, not to exceed 
70.0%.  Employees hired prior to January 1, 2009, 
have a choice at retireme nt of choosing a 2.15% 
multiplier with a service cap of 30 years or a 2.0% 
multiplier with a service cap of 35 years. In 
addition, the normal retirement age for the Plan is 
62.  For either group, benefits may be reduced 
according to the retirement annuity option selected. 
 
Firefighters’ Pension Plan 
The Firefighters’ Pension System is a single-
employer defined benefit pension plan established 
and administered by the city in accordance with the 
requirements of the Revised Code of Washington. 
 
The plan provides retirement and medical benefits 
to all firefighters who were hired prior to March 1, 
1970 (Pre-LEOFF officers).  Firefighters hired on or 
after March 1, 1970 but before October 1, 1977, 
(LEOFF I officers) receive their pensions from the 
State of Washington and medical coverage from 
the City of Spokane.  Firefighters hired after 
October 1, 1977 (LEOFF II officers) are not 
covered by these plans.  According to RCW 
41.26.090 “Any member having five or more 
service credit years and having attained the age of 
fifty years shall be eligible for a service retirement 
allowance and shall be retired upon the member’s 
written request effective the first day following the 
date upon which the member is separated from 
service.” 
 
The plan provides death, disability, and medical 
benefits.  The City is responsible for the medical 
expenses for active and retired employees covered 
under this plan. 
 
There are 7 active firefighters and 291 firefighter 
retirees receiving benefits as of December 31, 
2012, the date of the last actuarial valuation. 
 
Police Pension System 
The Police Relief and Pension System is a single-
employer defined benefit pension plan established 
and administered by the city in accordance with the 
requirements of the Revised Code of Washington. 
 
The plan provides retirement and medical benefits 
to all uniformed police who were hired prior to 
March 1, 1970 (Pre-LEOFF officers).  Police hired 
on or after March 1, 1970 but before October 1, 
1977, (LEOFF I officers) receive their pensions 
from the State of Washington and medical 
coverage from the City of Spokane.  Police hired 
after October 1, 1977 (LEOFF II officers) are not 
covered by these plans.  According to RCW 
41.26.090 “Any member having five or more 
service credit years and having attained the age of 
fifty years shall be eligible for a service retirement 
allowance and shall be retired upon the member’s 
written request effective the first day following the 
date upon which the member is separated from 
service.” 
 
The plan provides death, disability, and medical 
benefits.  The City is responsible for the medical 
expenses for active and retired employees covered 
under this plan. 
 
There are 2 active police and 232 police retirees 
receiving benefits as of  December 31, 2012, the 
date of the last actuarial valuation. 
 
Law Enforcement Officers’ and Firefighters’ 
Retirement System (LEOFF) Plans 1 and 2 
LEOFF was established in 1970 by the 
Legislature.  Membership includes all full-time, 
fully compensated, local law enforcement 
commissioned officers, firefighters and, as of July 
24, 2005, emergency medical technicians.  
LEOFF membership is comprised primarily of 
non-state employees, with  Department of Fish 
and Wildlife enforcement officers, who were first 
included effective July 27, 2003, being an 
exception. LEOFF retirement benefit provisions 
are established in Chapter 41.26 RCW and may 
be amended only by the State Legislature. 
  
City of Spokane 
 
70 Notes to the Financial Statements 
 
LEOFF is a cost-shari ng multiple-employer 
retirement system comprised of two separate 
defined benefit plans.  LEOFF members who 
joined the system by September 30, 1977 are 
Plan 1 members.  Those who joined on or after 
October 1, 1977 are Plan 2 members. 
 
Effective July 1, 2003, the LEOFF Plan 2 
Retirement Board was established by Initiative 
790 to provide governance of LEOFF Plan 2.  The 
Board’s duties include adopting contribution rates 
and recommending policy changes to the 
Legislature. 
 
LEOFF retirement benefits are financed from a 
combination of investment earnings, employer 
and employee contributions, and a special funding 
situation in which the state pays through state 
legislative appropriations.  Employee contributions 
to the LEOFF Plan 1 and Plan 2 defined benefit 
plans accrue interest at a rate specified by the 
Director of DRS.  During DRS’ fiscal year 2013, 
the rate was five and one-half percent 
compounded quarterly.  Members in LEOFF Plan 
1 and Plan 2 can elect to withdraw total employee 
contributions and interest earnings, in lieu of any 
retirement benefit, upon separation from LEOFF-
covered employment. 
 
LEOFF Plan 1 members are vested after the 
completion of five years of eligible service.  Plan 1 
members are eligible for retirement with five years 
of service at the age of 50. 
 
The benefit per year of service calculated as a 
percent of final average salary (FAS) is as follows: 
 
 
Term of Service Percent of FAS
20+ 2.0%
10-19 1.5%
5-9 1.0%
 
The FAS is the basic monthly salary received at 
the time of retirement, provided a member has 
held the same position or rank for 12 months 
preceding the date of retirement.  Otherwise, it is 
the average of the highest consecutive 24 months’ 
salary within the last 10 years of service.  A cost-
of-living allowance is granted (based on the 
Consumer Price Index). 
 
LEOFF Plan 1 provides death and disability 
benefits.  Death benefits fo r survivors of Plan 1 
members on active duty consist of the following: 
(1) If there is an eligible spouse, 50 percent of the 
FAS, plus 5 percent of FAS for each eligible 
surviving child, with a limitation on the combined 
benefit of 60 percent of the FAS; or (2) If there is 
no eligible spouse, elig ible children receive 30 
percent of FAS for the first child plus 10 percent 
for each additional child, subject to a 60 percent 
limitation of the FAS, divided equally. 
 
A one-time duty-related death benefit is provided 
to the beneficiary or the estate of a LEOFF Plan 1 
member who dies as a resu lt of injuries or illness 
sustained in the course of employment, or if the 
death resulted from an occupational disease or 
infection that arose naturally and proximately out 
of the member’s covered employment, if found 
eligible by the Department of Labor and 
Industries. 
 
The LEOFF Plan 1 disability benefit is 50 percent 
of the FAS plus 5 percent for each child up to a 
maximum of 60 percent.  Upon recovery from 
disability before the age of 50, a member is 
restored to service with fu ll credit for service while 
disabled.  Upon recovery after the age of 50, the 
benefit continues as the gr eater of the member’s 
disability benefit or service retirement benefit. 
 
LEOFF Plan 2 members are vested after the 
completion of five years of eligible service. 
 
Plan 2 members are eligible for retirement at the 
age of 53 with five years of  service, or at age 50 
with 20 years of service.  Plan 2 members receive 
a benefit of 2 percent of  the FAS per year of 
service (the FAS is based on the highest 
consecutive 60 months), actuarially reduced to 
reflect the choice of a survivor option.  Members 
who retire prior to the age of 53 receive reduced 
C-38City of Spokane 
 
Notes to the Financial Statements 71 
 
benefits.  If the member has at least 20 years of 
service and is age 50, the reduction is 3 percent 
for each year prior to age 53. Otherwise, the 
benefits are actuarially reduced for each year prior 
to age 53.  A cost-of-living allowance is granted 
(based on the Consumer Price Index), capped at 
3 percent annually. 
 
LEOFF Plan 2 provides disability benefits.  There 
is no minimum amount of service credit required 
for eligibility.  The Plan 2 benefit amount is 2 
percent of the FAS for eac h year of service.  
Benefits are reduced to reflect the choice of 
survivor option and for each year that the 
member’s age is less than 53, unless the disability 
is duty-related.  If the member has at least 20 
years of service and is age 50, the reduction is 3 
percent for each year prior to age 53. 
 
A disability benefit equal to 70 percent of their 
FAS, subject to offsets for workers’ compensation 
and Social Security disability benefits received, is 
also available to those LEOFF Plan 2 members 
who are catastrophically disabled in the line of 
duty and incapable of future substantial gainful 
employment in any capacity.  Effective June 2010, 
benefits to LEOFF Plan 2 members who are 
catastrophically disabled include payment of 
eligible health care insurance premiums. 
 
Members of LEOFF Plan 2 who leave service 
because of a line of duty disability are allowed to 
withdraw 150 percent of accumulated member 
contributions.  This withdrawal benefit is not 
subject to federal income tax.  Alternatively, 
members of LEOFF Plan 2 who leave service 
because of a line of duty disability may be eligible 
to receive a retirement benefit of at least 10 
percent of FAS and 2 percent per year of service 
beyond five years.  The first 10 percent of the FAS 
is not subject to federal income tax. 
 
LEOFF Plan 2 retirees may return to work in an 
eligible position covered by another retirement 
system, choose membership in that system and 
suspend their pension benefits, or not choose 
membership and continue receiving pension 
benefits without interruption. 
 
A one-time duty-related death benefit is provided 
to the beneficiary or the estate of a LEOFF Plan 2 
member who dies as a resu lt of injuries or illness 
sustained in the course of employment, or if the 
death resulted from an occupational disease or 
infection that arose naturally and proximately out 
of the member’s covered employment, if found 
eligible by the Department of Labor and 
Industries. 
 
Benefits to eligible surviving spouses and 
dependent children of LEOFF Plan 2 members 
killed in the course of employment include the 
payment of eligible health care insurance 
premiums. 
 
Legislation passed in 2009 provides to the 
Washington state registered domestic partners of 
LEOFF Plan 2 members the same treatment as 
married spouses, to the ex tent that the treatment 
is not in conflict with federal laws. 
 
LEOFF members meeting specific eligibility 
requirements have options available to enhance 
their retirement benefits. Some of these options 
are available to their survivors. 
 
There are 374 participating employers in LEOFF. 
Membership in LEOFF consisted of the following 
as of the latest actuarial valuation date for the plans 
of June 30, 2012. 
 
LEOFF Total Members
Retirees and Beneficiaries Receiving 
Benefits 10,189                    
Terminated Members Entitled To But 
Not Yet Receiving Benefits 689                         
Active Plan Members Vested 14,273                    
Active Plan Members NonVested 2, 633                      
Total 27,784                    
 
  
City of Spokane 
 
72 Notes to the Financial Statements 
 
C. FUNDING POLICIES 
The tables at the end of this section provide the 
required contribution rates for all plans (expressed 
as a percentage of current year covered payroll) at 
the close of December 31, 2013. 
 
At year end, the Employees’ Retirement System 
had unfunded commitments of $4.1 million to 
three limited partnership real estate funds and one 
limited liability company’s royalties investment 
fund. 
 
Employees’ Retirement System 
Member and employer contribution rates are 
established by SMC Chapter 4.14.  The funding of 
SERS is currently based on the entry age normal 
method.  SERS funding objective is to achieve and 
maintain an actuarial liability funded status between 
90% and 110%.  Member contributions are 7.75% 
of eligible compensation and are deducted from the 
member's salary and paid into the retirement fund; 
the City contributes 7.75% of eligible compensation 
for a combined total of 15.50%.  It is contemplated 
that the contribution by the City will, when added to 
the member's contribution, plus other revenues, be 
enough to properly fund the retirement benefits set 
forth.  Contributions from employees and the 
employer were $13.4 million in 2013 and $13.9 
million in 2012. 
 
There are no long-term contracts for contributions 
outstanding and no legally required reserves. 
 
Firefighters’ Pension System 
For the Police Relief and Pension Fund, all benefits 
are funded on a pay-as-you-go basis.  The City of 
Spokane is obligated by ordinance and RCW to 
make all required contributions to the plans.  The 
major sources of funding for the Firefighters’ 
Pension fund are property taxes, investment 
earnings, and the State fire insurance premium tax.  
Currently, there are no required employee 
contributions made to these pension plans. 
 
The plan is partially funded with $26.6 million in 
total net assets. 
 
Police Pension System 
The City of Spokane is obligated by ordinance and 
RCW to make all required contributions to the 
plans.  The major source of funding for the Police 
Pension fund is local retail sales and use tax.  
Currently, there are no required employee 
contributions made to these pension plans. 
 
All benefits are funded on a pay-as-you-go basis. 
 
Law Enforcement Officers’ and Firefighters’ 
Retirement System (LEOFF) Plans 1 and 2 
Employer and employee contribution rates are 
developed by the Office of the State Actuary to 
fully fund the plans.  Starting on July 1, 2000, Plan 
1 employers and employees contribute zero 
percent as long as the plan remains fully funded.  
Plan 2 employers and employees are required to 
pay at the level adopted by the LEOFF Plan 2 
Retirement Board. 
 
The Legislature, by means of a special funding 
arrangement, appropriates money from the state 
General Fund to supplement the current service 
liability and fund the prior service costs of Plan 2 
in accordance with the recommendations of the 
Pension Funding Council and the LEOFF Plan 2 
Retirement Board.  This special funding situation 
is not mandated by the state constitution and 
could be changed by statute.  For DRS’ fiscal year 
2013, the state contributed $54.2 million to 
LEOFF Plan 2. 
 
The methods used to determine the contribution 
requirements are established under state statute 
in accordance with Chapters 41.26 and 41.45 
RCW. 
 
The required contribution rates expressed as a 
percentage of current-year covered payroll, as of 
December 31, 2013, are as follows: 
  
C-39City of Spokane 
 
Notes to the Financial Statements 73 
 
 
Actual Contribution Rates Employer Employee State
Employees' Retirement System1 7.75% 7.75% N/A
Firefighters' Pension System 0.16% 0.00% N/A
Police Pension System 0.16% 0.00% N/A
LEOFF 12 0.18% 0.00% N/A
LEOFF 22 5.23% 8.41% 3.36%
2 The employer rate includes the employer administrative expense fee currently set at 0.18%.
1The annual required contribution was developed t o equal actual employer cont ributions, if possible.  If 
not, the maximum allowable amorization period is used.  Because the contribution rates are fixed, the 
effective amortization period for the unfunded accrued liability will change over time as actual 
experience emerges that is different from the actuarial assumptions.
 
D. EMPLOYER CONTRIBUTIONS PAID 
 
The following table presents the city’s contributions 
to cost-sharing plans in accordance with the 
funding policy. 
 
There are no long term contracts for contributions 
for any of the retirement plans administered by the 
city. 
 
Actual Contributions 2013 2012 2011
Employees' Retirement System 6,715,376              6,937,750              6,799,258                
Firefighters' Pension System 2,183,389              439,804                  -                            
Police Pension System 845,079                  869,885                  849,157                   
LEOFF 1 1,304                      1,853                      2,343                        
LEOFF 2 2,740,733              2,717,510              2,801,443                
 
E. FUNDED STATUS AND FUNDING 
PROGRESS 
 
The funded status of each plan as of the most 
recent actuarial valuation date (December 31, 2103 
for the Employees’ Reti rement System and 
December 31, 2012 for the Firefighters’ and Police 
Pension Systems) is as follows: 
  
City of Spokane 
 
74 Notes to the Financial Statements 
 
Pension Funding Status (in thousands)
Employees' 
Retirement 
System1
Firefighters' 
Pension System
Police Pension 
System
Actuarial value of plan assets 261,605$               12,571$                  664$                       
Actuarial accrued liability (AAL) 381,039 25,755 10,599
Unfunded actuarial accrued liability (UAAL) 119,434 13,184 9,935
Funded ratio 68.7% 49% 6%
Covered payroll 87,337 N/A N/A
UAAL as a percentage of covered payroll 136.75% N/A N/A
1 The SERS Board can grant an ad-hoc performance adjustment under the following conditions:  (1) if the 
actuarial accrued liability (AAL) funded ratio is more than 90%; (2) if the AAL associated with the ad-hoc 
increase does not cause the AAL funded ratio to drop below 90%; and (3)  the combined employ er and 
employee contribution rates are sufficient to fund the unfunded accrued liabilities as increased by the 
cost of the ad-hoc adjustment over a period not to exceed the maximum allowable GASB amortization 
period (currently 30 years).  Further information can be found in City of Spokane Municipal Code 
03.05.160.
 
 
 
Defined Benefit Plans Administered by the City 
 
Employees’ Retirement System 
As of December 31, 2013,  the actuarial liability 
funded ratio is 68.7%, an increase from 66.2% as 
of December 31, 2012.  The funded ratio is the 
ratio of the actuarial value of assets to the 
actuarial liability.  The actuarial value of assets 
recognizes market gains and losses over a period 
of five years.  The 2013 increase in the funded 
status is primarily attributable to investment return 
on the smoothed fair value of the assets being 
greater than the assumed rate of return (refer to 
the Asset Valuation Method in the table below).  
For historical information on the funded ratio and 
other actuarial funding data, refer to the Schedule 
of Funding Progress in the Required 
Supplemental Information that follows the notes to 
the financial statements.   
 
Police Pension System 
For the Police Pension System, the actuary 
presents a cash flow projection.
Firefighters’ Pension System 
As of December 31, 2012, the actuarial liability 
pension funded status ratio is 49%, which 
increased 1 percentage point from December 31, 
2010.  Refer to the Schedule of Funding Progress, 
which follows the notes to the financial statements, 
in the Required Supplemental Information historical 
information on the funded ratio and other actuarial 
funding data.   
 
For the Firefighters’ Pension System, both a cash 
flow projection and an actuarial funding plan to 
liquidate any unfunded liabilities are presented by 
the actuary. 
 
The information was determined as part of the 
actuarial valuations at the dates indicated below.  
Additional information as of the latest valuation 
follows: 
  
C-40City of Spokane 
 
Notes to the Financial Statements 75 
 
 
Employees' Retirement 
System Firefighters' Pension System Police Pension System
Valuation date 12/31/2013 12/31/2012 12/31/2012
Actuarial cost method Entry age normal Entry age normal Entry age normal
Amortization method
     Funding
Level % of pay over not 
more than 30 years
30-year, closed as of 
January 1, 2007
30-year, closed as of 
January 1, 2007
Remaining amortization years (closed)
Asset valuation method Expected value method 
with 5-year smoothing and 
90-110% market value 
corridor
Fair market value Fair market value
Actuarial assumptions
Investment rate of return 7.5% 4.0% 3.0%
Projected salary increases 0.0-10.0%1 2.5% 2.5%
Includes inflation at 3.0% 2.5% 2.5%
Cost of living adjustments
0.0%
Based upon 3.5% increase 
assumption when 
appropriate, for FPF 
benefits.
Based upon 3.5% increase 
assumption when 
appropriate, for PPF 
benefits.
Based upon inflation 
assumption for some FPF 
benefits and all LEOFF 
benefits.
Based upon inflation 
assumption for some PPF 
benefits and all LEOFF 
benefits.
10% for members with more than 5 years of services in years 2013, 2014 and 2015. Otherwise, ranges from 3.0% for employees 
with 16 or more y ears of service to 10.0% for employ ees with less than two y ears of service
 
 
 
F. ANNUAL PENSION COST AND OTHER 
RELATED INFORMATION 
 
Current year annual pension cost, net pension 
obligation (NPO), and related information for the 
current year for city’s defined benefit plans are as 
follows: 
  
City of Spokane 
 
76 Notes to the Financial Statements 
 
 
Annual Pension Cost and Net Pension Obligation Employees' 
Retirement System
Firefighters' Pension 
System Police Pension System
Annual required contribution 8,237,317$                     864,697$                        586,637$                        
Interest on NPO -                                   53,173                             63,693                             
Adjustment to annual required contribution 1 449,847                          (83,832)                           (121,712)                         
Annual pension cost 8,687,164                       834,038                          528,618                          
Employer contributions (6,715,376)                     (2,183,389)                     (845,079)                         
Increase (Decrease) in NPO 1,971,788                       (1,349,351)                     (316,461)                         
NPO - beginning of year 19,321,508                     1,329,314                       2,123,093                       
NPO - end of year 21,293,296$                   (20,037)$                         1,806,632$                     
1Estimated
 
 
G. THREE YEAR HISTORICAL TREND 
 
The following table presents three-year trend 
information for the city’s single employer defined 
benefit plans: 
 
 
 
Single Employer Plans 2013 2012 2011 
Employees' Retirement System
Annual pension cost 8,687,164$                     8,733,963$                     10,336,556$                   
% of APC contributed 77.3% 79.4% 65.8%
NPO 21,293,296$                   19,321,508$                   17,525,295$                   
Firefighters' Pension System
Annual pension cost 834,038$                        1,058,312$                     1,076,751$                     
% of APC contributed 261.8% 41.6% 0.0%
NPO (20,037)$                         1,329,314$                     710,806$                        
Police Pension System
Annual pension cost 528,618$                        684,544$                        684,429$                        
% of APC contributed 159.9% 127.1% 124.1%
NPO 1,806,632$                     2,123,093$                     2,308,434$                     
 
 
H. CHANGES IN BENEFIT PROVISIONS 
 
There were no changes in benefit provisions for the 
fiscal year 2013 reporting period.
 
  
C-41City of Spokane 
 
Notes to the Financial Statements 77 
 
Note 6 
Other Postemployment Benefits 
 
From an accrual accounting perspective, the cost 
of postemployment healthcare benefits, like the 
cost of pension benefit s, generally should be 
associated with the periods in which the cost 
occurs, rather than in the future year when it will 
be paid.  In adopting the requirements of GASB 
Statement 45 during the year ended December 
31, 2007, the City recognizes the cost of 
postemployment healthcare in the year when the 
employee services are received, reports the 
accumulated liability fr om prior years, and 
provides information useful in assessing potential 
demands on the City’s future cash flows.  
Recognition of the liability accumulated from prior 
years will be phased in over 30 years, 
commencing with the 2007 liability. 
 
Plan Description 
The Firefighters’ and Police Pension Systems are 
single-employer defined benefit pension funds 
established and administered by the City in 
accordance with the requirements of the Revised 
Code of Washington.  The other postemployment 
benefit plans are accounted for in these funds. 
 
The Police and Fire other postemployment benefit 
plans provide medical benefits to all firefighters 
and uniformed police who were hired prior to 
March 1, 1970.  Police and firefighters hired on or 
after March 1, 1970, but before October 1, 1977, 
receive their pensions from the State of 
Washington and medical coverage from the City 
of Spokane.  Police and firefighters hired after 
October 1, 1977, are not covered by these plans. 
 
Both plans provide death, disability and medical 
benefits.  As of the most recent actuarial valuation 
date, there are 2 active police officers and 7 active 
firefighters covered under these plans as of 
December 31, 2012.  In addition, there are 190 
police and 240 firefighter retirees and 
beneficiaries receiving benefits from the two 
plans. 
 
The city is responsible for the medical expenses 
for active and retired employees covered under 
these plans.  For the Police OPEB Plan, all 
benefits are funded on a pay-as-you-go basis.  
The Firefighters’ OPEB Plan is partially funded 
with $25.3 million in total net assets. 
 
Funding Policy 
The city is obligated by ordinance and the 
Revised Code of Washington to make all required 
contributions to the plans.  The major sources of 
funding for these plans are property taxes, 
investment earnings, the State fire insurance 
premium tax, local retail sales and use tax.  There 
are no required employee contributions made to 
these plans. 
 
Refer to the Schedule of Funding Progress, which 
follows the notes to the financial statements, in the 
Required Supplemental Information historical 
information on the funded ratio and other actuarial 
funding data. 
 
Funded Status (in thousands) Firefighters' OPEB Police OPEB
Actuarial valuation date 12/31/2012 12/31/2012
Actuarial value of plan assets 12,576$                                   -$                                              
Actuarial accrued liability (AAL) 62,779 73,197
Unfunded actuarial accrued liability (UAAL) 50,203 73,197
Funded ratio 20% 0%
Covered payroll N/A N/A
UAAL as a percentage of covered payroll N/A N/A
  
City of Spokane 
 
78 Notes to the Financial Statements 
 
Annual Required Contribution 
 
Firefighters' Pension System 2013 2012 2011 
1 Annual normal cost , beginning of year 80,932$                                   172,224$                                 172,224$                                 
2 Amortization of UAAL, beginning of year 3,166,015                                4,643,319                                4,643,319                                
3 Interest through end of year                     =((1+2)*i) 129,878                                   240,777                                   240,777                                   
4 Annual required contribution                    =(1+2+3) 3,376,825                                5,056,320                                5,056,320                                
5 Interest on net OP EB o bligatio n -                                            2,175                                        -                                            
6 Adjustment to annual required contribution -                                            (2,939)                                      -                                            
7 Annual OPEB cost                                            =(4+5-6) 3,376,825                                5,055,556                                5,056,320                                
8 Employer contributions (3,376,825)                              (5,099,046)                              (5,012,830)                              
9 Change in net OPEB obligation                      =(7+8) -                                            (43,490)                                    43,490                                     
10 Net OPEB obligation at beginning of year -                                            43,490                                     -                                            
11 Net OPEB obligation at end of year           =(9+10) -                                            -                                            43,490                                     
12 Percentage funded                                            =(8/7) 100% 101% 99%
 
 
Police Pension System 2013 2012 2011 
1 Annual normal cost, beginning of year 56,649$                                   171,760$                                 171,760$                                 
2 Amortization of UAAL, beginning of year 4,196,207                                5,478,797                                5,478,797                                
3 Interest through end of year                     =((1+2)*i) 127,586                                   226,022                                   226,022                                   
4 Annual required contribution                    =(1+2+3) 4,380,442                                5,876,579                                5,876,579                                
5 Interest on net OPEB obligation 315,814                                   305,026                                   187,987                                   
6 Adjustment to  annual required co ntributio n (603,495)                                 (469,359)                                 (282,737)                                 
7 Annual OPEB cost                                            =(4+5-6) 4,092,761                                5,712,246                                5,781,829                                
8 Employer contributions (2,496,290)                              (2,810,780)                              (2,855,843)                              
9 Change in net OPEB obligation                      =(7+8) 1,596,471                                2,901,466                                2,925,986                                
10 Net OPEB obligation at beginning of year 10,527,125                              7,625,659                                4,699,673                                
11 Net OPEB obligation at end of year           =(9+10) 12,123,596                              10,527,125                              7,625,659                                
12 Percentage funded                                            =(8/7) 61% 49% 49%
 
 
Actuarial Information and Significant Actuarial 
Assumptions 
The actuarial assumptions are intended to 
estimate the future experience of the 
members of the above mentioned plans.   
  
C-42City of Spokane 
 
Notes to the Financial Statements 79 
 
Firefighters' Pension System Police Pension System
Valuation date 12/31/2012 12/31/2012
Actuarial cost method Entry age normal Entry age normal
Amortization method
     Funding 30 years 30 years
Remaining amortization years (closed) 25 (January 1, 2007) 25 (January 1, 2007)
Asset valuation method Fair market value Fair market value
Actuarial assumptions
Investment rate of return 4.0% 3.0%
 
 
 
Note 7 
Risk Management 
 
The City is self-insured for Unemployment 
Insurance, Workers’ Compensation, General 
Liability, and Medical/Dental benefits.  Unrestricted 
net position (assets less liabilities) in the self-
insurance funds as of December 31, 2013 and 
2012 are as follows: 
 
Fund 2013 2012 
Risk Management 516,488$          735,840$          
Workers' Compensation 1,926,484         1,686,076         
Unemployment Insurance 903,949            1,045,959         
Employee Benefits 13,952,504       11,859,908       
17,299,425$     15,327,783$     
 
The City carries the following excess insurance 
coverages. 
 
Workers’ Compensation 
The City carries statutory limits for excess Workers’ 
Compensation insurance above its self-insured 
retention of $1,000,000. 
 
General and Automobile Liability 
The City carries $10 million excess general and 
automobile liability insurance above its self-insured 
retention of $1,000,000. 
 
Property/Boiler and Machinery 
The City carries $100 million loss limit for all risk 
property insurance and carries boiler and 
machinery insurance, with a deductible of 
$10,000, and coverage up to $100 million loss 
limits.  The City also carries property coverage for 
its hydro dam in the amount of $100 million, with a 
$1 million self-insured ret ention, and property 
coverage of the Riverside Park Water 
Reclamation Facility in the amount of $246.2 
million, with a $1 million self-insured retention.  In 
addition, the hydro dam and the Riverside Park 
Water Reclamation Facility have boiler and 
machinery coverage up to $1 million, with a 
$100,000 deductible, under the City’s Boiler and 
Machinery policy. 
 
Claims Liability Valuation 
In 2013 the City conducted an actuarial review to 
determine the estimated claims liability for the 
Risk Management and Workers’ Compensation 
funds.  The estimated loss reserves for the Risk 
Management fund totaled $6.8 million and the 
Workers’ Compensation fund totaled $8.6 million.  
The Employee Benefits fund reported IBNR 
(incurred but not reported) claims of $2.0 million 
for 2013.  Claims expenses are recognized in the 
Employee Benefits and the Unemployment 
Insurance funds for claims processed through the 
fiscal year end.  No IBNR claims are reported in 
the Unemployment Insurance Fund.  All self-
City of Spokane 
 
80 Notes to the Financial Statements 
 
insured funds are responsible for collecting 
interfund premiums and for paying claims 
settlements.  Interfund premiums are assessed on 
the basis of exposure and claims experience and 
are reported as revenues and expenses. 
 
Changes in the balances of claims liabilities 
during the past two years are as follows: 
 
Risk Management 2013 2012 
Balance, January 1 4,875,423$       5,469,062$       
New claims incurred 1,533,751         1,061,195         
Adjustments for prior claims (358,024)           3,260,666         
Claims payable (2,796,352)       (4,915,501)       
Balance, December 31 3,254,798$       4,875,422$       
 
Workers' Compensation 2013 2012 
Balance, January 1 4,927,806$       4,159,257$       
New claims incurred 1,704,828         1,515,117         
Adjustments for prior claims 2,408,780         2,260,948         
Claims payable (4,447,653)       (3,007,516)       
Balance, December 31 4,593,761$       4,927,806$       
 
 
Note 8 
Short-Term Debt 
 
At December 31, 2013, the City had $1.4 million of 
local improvement district (LID) progress warrants 
outstanding.  As construction is done on LID 
projects, progress warrants are issued to 
contractors.  The city tr easurer disburses funds to 
the contractors and carries  the progress warrants 
as treasurer's cash investments.  When special 
assessment bonds are sold, the progress warrants 
are redeemed.  The current progress warrants 
have interest rates ranging from 2.29% to 4.47%.  
A summary of progress warrant activity for 2013 
follows: 
 
Progress Warrants 2013 
Balance, January 1, 2013 1,466,159$       
Progress warrants issued 2,436,525         
Progress warrants redeemed (2,427,205)       
Balance, December 31, 2013 1,475,479$       
 
 
Note 9 
Long-Term Liabilities 
 
A. Long Term Debt 
 
The City issues general obligation bonds to 
provide funds for the acquisition and construction 
of major capital facilities.  General obligation 
bonds have been issued for both governmental 
and business-type activities.  The original amount 
of general obligation bonds issued in prior years 
was $226,301,000. 
 
General obligation bonds are direct obligations 
and pledge the full faith and credit of the 
government.  General obligation bonds are either 
created by 3/5 majority vote of the people and, 
therefore, financed by a special tax levy; or 
created by ordinance, adopted by the City 
Council, and normally financed from general 
revenues (councilmanic bonds). 
 
General obligation bonds currently outstanding at 
December 31, 2013 are as follows:
 
 
C-43City of Spokane 
 
Notes to the Financial Statements 81 
 
Name of Issuance Purpose Interest Rate Debt Outstanding
LTGO 2003B Governmental Activities 1.50% - 5.25% 5,950,000              
UTGO 2004 Governmental Activities 3.00% - 5.25% 7,705,000              
LTGO 2005A Governmental Activities 5.00% 5,720,000              
LTGO 2005B Governmental Activities 4.34% - 5.34% 18,685,000            
UTGO 2005
Refunding - Governmental 
Activities 3.00% - 4.00%                1,380,000 
UTGO 2007 Governmental Activities 4.00% - 5.00% 39,680,000            
UTGO 2008 Governmental Activities 3.50% - 5.00% 35,160,000            
UTGO 2010A Governmental Activities 2.00% - 6.13% 38,710,000            
Total general obligation bonds 152,990,000$        
 
 
The annual debt service requirements to maturity 
for general obligation bonds are as follows: 
 
 
Year Principal Interest Total
2014 9,700,000           7,277,133           16,977,133         
2015 8,330,000           6,869,913           15,199,913         
2016 8,280,000           6,515,530           14,795,530         
2017 8,665,000           6,158,175           14,823,175         
2018 9,580,000           5,789,590           15,369,590         
2019-2023 55,265,000         22,384,962         77,649,962         
2024-2028           42,514,059             8,450,142 50,964,201         
2029-2033 10,202,228         863,666              11,065,894         
Total 152,536,287$    64,309,111$      216,845,397$    
Governmental Activities
 
 
Year Principal Interest Total
2014 -                       45,188                45,188                
2015 -                       45,188                45,188                
2016 -                       45,188                45,188                
2017 -                       45,188                45,188                
2018 -                       45,188                45,188                
2019-2023 -                       225,940              225,940              
2024-2028                155,941                224,005 379,946              
2029-2033 297,772              44,833                342,605              
Total 453,713$            720,717$            1,174,430$         
Business-Type Activities
 
 
City of Spokane 
 
82 Notes to the Financial Statements 
 
 
The City of Spokane has also received government 
and other loans to provide for the acquisition and 
construction of capital projects and other purposes.  
Government and other loans outstanding at year-
end are as follows:
 
Name of Issuance Purpose Interest Rate Debt Outstanding
Public Works Trust Fund Loans
Governmental & Business Type 
Activities .50% - 3.00% 8,730,543$            
State Community Development 
Loans Governmental Activities 0.00% 325,000                  
State Revolving Loans Business Type Activities 1.50% - 2.90% 2,528,290              
Total government and other loans 11,583,833$          
 
The annual debt service requirements to maturity 
for government and other loans outstanding are as 
follows:
Year Principal Interest Total
2014 112,917              5,399                   118,316              
2015 112,917              4,834                   117,751              
2016 112,917              4,270                   117,187              
2017 112,917              3,705                   116,622              
2018 112,917              3,141                   116,058              
2019-2023 456,397              7,504                   463,902              
2024-2028 58,824                294                      59,118                
2029-2033 -                       -                       -                       
2034-2038 -                       -                       -                       
2039-2043 325,000              -                       325,000              
Total 1,404,806$         29,148$              1,433,954$         
Governmental Activities
 
Year Principal Interest Total
2014 1,259,289           122,836              1,382,125           
2015 1,217,903           113,964              1,331,867           
2016 1,057,308           102,138              1,159,446           
2017 1,060,434           86,739                1,147,173           
2018 914,508              71,267                985,775              
2019-2023 3,054,760           235,909              3,290,669           
2024-2028 1,237,731           98,680                1,336,411           
2029-2033 340,346              25,559                365,905              
2034-2038 36,748                1,071                   37,819                
Total 10,179,027$      858,163$            11,037,190$      
Business-Type Activities
 
C-44City of Spokane 
 
Notes to the Financial Statements 83 
 
Special Assessment Bonds 
Special assessment bonds outstanding at 
December 31, 2013 were $640,000.  Generally, the 
outstanding amount includes term bonds with an 
estimated amount of bonds to be retired each year.  
Bonds will be called yearly, as monies are available 
from the collection of property assessments.
 
 
Name of Issuance Issue Date Maturity Interest Rate
Debt 
Outstanding
Due Within 
One Year
CLID 209 3/15/2002 3/15/2014 5.50% 40,000             40,000             
CLID 213 7/1/2004 7/1/2026 5.00% 160,000           13,333             
CLID 214 8/15/2005 8/15/2015 4.376% 75,000             25,000             
CLID 215 8/1/2006 8/1/2016 4.50% 90,000             22,500             
CLID 217 8/15/2007 8/15/2017 4.60% 275,000           55,000             
Total special assessment bonds 640,000$        155,833$        
 
 
Revenue Bonds 
The City issues bonds where the government 
pledges income derived from the acquired or 
constructed assets to pay debt service.  Revenue 
bonds are issued to finance the acquisition and 
construction of capital projects, and are created by 
ordinance, adopted by the City Council, and 
financed from enterprise fund revenues.  The 
original amount of revenue bonds issued in prior 
years was $3,380,000.  There are no revenue 
bonds outstanding at year-end. 
 
In proprietary funds, unamortized debt issue costs 
are recorded as deferred charges and bonds are 
displayed net of premium or discount; annual 
interest expense is decreased by amortization of 
debt premium and increased by the amortization of 
debt issue costs and discount. 
 
At December 31, 2013, the City has $6.1 million 
available in debt service funds to service the 
general bonded debt.
B. Changes in Long-Term Liabilities 
During the year ended December 31, 2013, the 
following changes occurred in long-term liabilities: 
 
 
 
City of Spokane 
 
84 Notes to the Financial Statements 
 
Long-Term Liabilities Outstanding 
01/01/13 Additions Reductions Outstanding 
12/31/13
Due Within One 
Year
GOVERMENTAL ACTIVITIES
General obligation bonds 163,136,287$        -$                        (10,600,000)$        152,536,287$        9,700,000$            
Deferred amounts: -                          
   Bond premiums at issuance 3,851,684              -                          (191,682)                3,660,002              390,915                  
   Bond premiums on refunding 277,085                  -                          (200,459)                76,626                    32,287                    
Special assessment debt with governmental 
commitment 965,000                  -                          (325,000)                640,000                  155,833                  
Government loans 1,614,579              -                          (209,773)                1,404,806              112,916                  
Claims and judgements 17,950,549            92,922                    (690,747)                17,352,724            17,352,724            
OPEB (other postemployment benefit) liability 10,527,125            2,565,091              -                          13,092,216            -                          
Compensated absences 17,284,503            (2,274,496)             15,010,007            1,143,447              
Total long term liabilities - governmental 
activities 215,606,812$        2,658,013$            (14,492,157)$        203,772,668$        28,888,122$          
BUSINESS-TYPE ACTIVITIES
Bonds:
General obligation bonds 453,713                  -                          -                          453,713                  -                          
Revenue bonds 520,000                  -                          (520,000)                -                          -                          
Deferred amounts:
   Bond premiums at issuance -                          -                          -                          -                          -                          
   Bond premiums on refunding (5,040)                    5,040                      -                          -                          -                          
Total bonds payable 968,673                  5,040                      (520,000)                453,713                  -                          
Government loans 11,167,657            380,591                  (1,369,221)             10,179,027            1,259,289              
Landfill liabilities:
   Landfill closure 1,678,396              11,264                    -                          1,689,660              -                          
   Postclosure monitoring 13,613,291            1,783                      (2,446,554)             11,168,520            -                          
Compensated absences 4,903,811              287,262                  (274,280)                4,916,793              237,512                  
Total long term liabilities - business-type 
activities 32,331,828$          685,940$               (4,610,055)$          28,407,713$          1,496,801$            
 
 
Internal service funds predominantly serve the 
governmental funds.  Accordingly, long-term 
liabilities for them are included as part of the above 
totals for governmental activities.  At year-end $2 
million of internal service funds compensated 
absences are included in the above amounts. 
 
 
 
Legal Debt Margin 
 
For purposes of determining the legal debt margin, 
the assessed valuation of the City for year 2013 is 
$14,954,871,525.  Under State of Washington 
statutes, general obligation indebtedness pursuant 
to a vote of the electorate is limited to 2.5% of 
actual value of taxable property located within the 
City.  Indebtedness without a vote of the people is 
limited to 1.5% of actual value subject to the 
limitation that total general purpose indebtedness 
may not exceed 2.5% of total valuation.  There is a 
2.5% limitation each fo r utility purposes and open 
space and park facilities purposes.
C-45City of Spokane 
 
Notes to the Financial Statements 85 
 
Legal Debt Margin Total
General purpose voted and non-voted debt1 234,666,915$         
Utility voted debt - 2.5% 373,871,788           
Open space and park facilities voted debt - 2.5% 337,331,788           
Total remaining debt capacity 945,870,491$         
1Includes $165,737,071 debt capacity for non-voted debt  
 
 
C. Leases 
 
Operating Leases 
 
The City entered into a long-term operating lease 
agreement with the Spokane Airport Board, an 
agency of the City and County of Spokane, for the 
site of the Spokane Regional Waste to Energy 
Facility.  The lease, as  amended, provides for the 
following rental payments: 
 
Effective May 1, 2011 the City pays $0.085 cents 
per square foot for 1,608,887 feet. 
 
The City has the option of renewing the lease for 
four consecutive five-year periods subject to certain 
conditions.  The lease ends April 30, 2018.  Lease 
payments for the year ended December 31, 2013 
amounted to $136,755. 
 
The City entered into long term lease contracts with 
Xerox Corporation for two printers and Copiers 
Northwest for copy machines.  Lease payments for 
the year ended December 31, 2013 were 
$168,962. 
 
Future Years Lease Payments Total
2014 316,426$                 
2015 316,426                   
2016 316,426                   
2017 136,755                   
2018 45,585                     
Total minimum future rental payments 1,131,620$             
 
 
 
 
 
Note 10 
Interfund Balance and Transfers 
 
A. Interfund Balances 
 
Due to other funds and due from other funds result 
from goods issued, work performed or services 
rendered to or for the benefit of another fund of the 
same government.  Interfund balances at 
December 31, 2013 were as follows: 
 
City of Spokane 
 
86 Notes to the Financial Statements 
 
Fund
Due From Other 
Funds
Due To Other 
Funds
General Fund 5,256,194$            985,599$               
Nonmajor Governmental Funds 2,515,268              1,874,702              
Water/Sewer Fund 935,432                  5,054,136              
Solid Waste Fund 661,859                  2,395,568              
Nonmajor Enterprise Funds 160,972                  117,009                  
Internal Service Funds 2,926,243              2,028,954              
Fidicuiary Funds -                          -                          
Total Government Wide 12,455,968$          12,455,968$          
B. Interfund Loans 
 
Interfund loans for 2013 are as follows: 
 
Loan To: Loan From:
Property Acquisition Fund Spokane 
Investment Pool
1
Riverfront Conservation Area                2,567,489 
Gardner Building                1,544,397 
Alki Building                2,386,807 
University District Gateway                3,689,797 
West Plains Fire St ation                    825,575 
CLID 217                    366,900 
CLID 218                    124,022 
CLID 219                    287,883 
CLID 220                    174,658 
CLID 221                    214,027 
CLID 222                1,353,219 
Progress Warrants (Note 8)                1,475,479 
Less Agency Fund Portion                  (107,028)
Total 14,903,225$          
1The Spokane Investment Pool is allowed to invest 
up to 10% of its balance in City of Spokane bonds.  
Loans fro m this po ol provide funds with which to 
pay the cost of acquiring property for public 
purposes.
 
C-46City of Spokane 
 
Notes to the Financial Statements 87 
 
C. Interfund Transfers 
 
Interfund transfers for 2013 are as follows: 
 
Transfer From:
Fund General Fund  Street Fund  Park Fund  Parking 
Meter Fund 
 Public Safety 
& Judicial 
Grants Fund 
 Intermodal 
Fund 
 CD/HS 
Operations 
Fund 
General Fund -$                  11,923,604$   12,596,517$   690,008$        46,095$          71,369$          -$               
Street Fund -                    -                 -                 -                 -                 -                 -                 
Park Fund -                    -                 -                 -                 -                 -                 -                 
Parking Meter Fund -                    -                 -                 -                 -                 -                 -                 
Real Estate Excise Tax Fund -                    400,000          -                 -                 -                 -                 -                 
Community Development Fund -                    -                 -                 -                 -                 -                 -                 
CDBG Program Fund -                    -                 40,000           -                 -                 -                 -                 
Home Rehabilitation Fund -                    -                 -                 -                 -                 -                 -                 
Rental Rehabilitation Fund -                    -                 -                 -                 -                 -                 475,000          
WIA Funds (various) 946 -                 -                 -                 -                 -                 -                 
Special Assessment [Debt] Fund -                    -                 -                 -                 -                 -                 -                 
Special Assessment Guaranty Fund 400,000             -                 -                 -                 -                 -                 -                 
Iron Bridge TIF Debt Service -                    -                 -                 -                 -                 -                 -                 
University District Debt Service -                    -                 -                 -                 -                 -                 -                 
Arterial Street Fund -                    1,300,000       -                 -                 -                 -                 -                 
Special Assessment Construction Fund -                    -                 -                 -                 -                 -                 -                 
Capital Improvements 2004 Fund -                    -                 -                 -                 -                 -                 -                 
Water/Sewer Fund -                    -                 -                 -                 -                 -                 -                 
Solid Waste Fund -                    -                 -                 -                 -                 -                 -                 
Golf Fund -                    -                 -                 -                 -                 -                 -                 
Building Services Fund -                    -                 -                 -                 -                 -                 -                 
Fleet Services Fund -                    -                 -                 -                 -                 -                 -                 
Public Works & Utilities Fund -                    -                 -                 -                 -                 -                 -                 
Information Technology Fund -                    -                 -                 -                 -                 -                 -                 
Accounting Services Fund -                    -                 -                 -                 -                 -                 -                 
Risk Management Fund -                    -                 -                 -                 -                 -                 -                 
Property Acquisition Fund -                    -                 -                 -                 -                 -                 -                 
Total 400,946$           13,623,604$   12,636,517$   690,008$        46,095$         71,369$         475,000$        
 Transfer To: 
  
City of Spokane 
 
88 Notes to the Financial Statements 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Transfer From:
Fund
Community  
Development 
Block Grant 
Program Fund
Community  
Development 
Block Grant 
Revolving Fund
 WIA Funds 
 GO Bond 
Redemption 
Fund 
 Special 
Assessment 
Debt Fund 
 Information 
Technology 
Fund 
 Property 
Acquisition 
Fund 
 Total 
General Fund -$                   -$                   1,016             1,025,559$     -$               -$                1,429,170$     27,783,338$   
Street Fund -                    -                     -                 1,456,056       8,336             -                  -                1,464,392       
Park Fund -                    -                     -                 160,054          6,595             -                  -                166,649         
Parking Meter Fund -                    -                     -                 2,279,085       -                 -                  -                2,279,085       
Real Estate Excise Tax Fund -                    -                     -                 -                 -                 -                  -                400,000         
Community Development Fund -                    11,465                -                 -                 -                 -                  -                11,465           
CDBG Program Fund -                    -                     -                 -                 -                 -                  368,105         408,105         
Home Rehabilitation Fund 277,662             82,544                -                 -                 -                 -                  -                360,206         
Rental Rehabilitation Fund -                    -                     -                 -                 -                 -                  -                475,000         
WIA Funds (various) -                    -                     1,623             -                 -                 -                  -                2,569             
Special Assessment [Debt] Fund -                    -                     -                 -                 -                 -                  557,513         557,513         
Special Assessment Guaranty Fund -                    -                     -                 -                 -                 -                  -                400,000         
Iron Bridge TIF Debt Service -                    -                     -                 42,751           -                 -                  -                42,751           
University District Debt Service -                    -                     -                 -                 -                 -                  224,655         224,655         
Arterial Street Fund -                    -                     -                 -                 -                 -                  -                1,300,000       
Special Assessment Construction Fund -                    -                     -                 -                 -                 -                  111                111                
Capital Improvements 2004 Fund -                    -                     -                 -                 1,425             -                  1,585,338       1,586,763       
Water/Sewer Fund -                    -                     -                 -                 -                 20,400             -                20,400           
Solid Waste Fund -                    -                     -                 -                 -                 3,672               -                3,672             
Golf Fund -                    -                     -                 22,690           -                 -                  -                22,690           
Building Services Fund -                    -                     -                 -                 -                 2,520               -                2,520             
Fleet Services Fund -                    -                     -                 7,545             -                 -                  -                7,545             
Public Works & Utilities Fund -                    -                     -                 -                 -                 3,558               -                3,558             
Information Technology Fund -                    -                     -                 201,078          -                 -                  -                201,078         
Accounting Services Fund -                    -                     -                 -                 -                 2,604               -                2,604             
Risk Management Fund -                    -                     -                 172                -                 -                  -                172                
Property Acquisition Fund -                    -                     -                 -                 -                 7,705               -                7,705             
Total 277,662$           94,009$              2,639$           5,194,990$     16,356$         40,459$           4,164,892$     37,734,546$   
 Transfer To: 
 
 
  
C-47City of Spokane 
 
Notes to the Financial Statements 89 
 
Note 11 
Joint Ventures 
 
The City participates in two joint ventures.  These are 
the Spokane International Airport and the Spokane 
Regional Transportation Council (SRTC).  The City 
does not contribute any monies toward the operation 
of the Spokane International Airport.  General fund 
monies are contributed to support the Spokane 
Regional Transportation Council.  In 2013, $15,000 
was paid to the Spokane Regional Transportation 
Council. 
 
Spokane International Airport
 is jointly operated by 
the City and County of Spokane through a joint 
operating agreement in accordance with the "Airport 
Joint Operating Agreement"; which was last amended 
February 2, 2010.  This agreement is pursuant to 
RCW 14.08.200.  The unaudited summary below is 
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013 for the 
Spokane International Airport. 
 
Spokane International Airport 2013 
Total Assets 313,877,563$                 
Total Liabilities 39,834,829                     
Total Net Position 274,042,734$                 
Total Revenues 36,762,612$                   
Total Capital Contributions 10,476,583                     
Total Expenses 39,916,806                     
Net Increase in Net Position 7,322,389$                     
Net Position, Beginning of Year 266,720,345$                 
Net Increase in Net Position 7,322,389                       
Net Position, End of Year 274,042,734$                  
 
At December 31, 2013, the airport had $13.8 million 
in long-term revenue bonds outstanding with $3.0 
million due on the current portion in 2014.  The bonds 
are secured by airport revenues.  Airport revenues 
are derived through user fees, parking fees, leased 
areas and buildings, federal and state grants, and 
interest from investments.  Other long-term debt 
payable at year-end totaled $7.0 million.
 
The Spokane Airport Board administers the 
operations of the airport.  It is composed of seven 
members, three of which are appointed by the 
County, three by the City, and one non-specific 
appointee.  The City does not  exercise any specific 
control over the budgeting and financing of the 
airport's activities.  The complete financial report 
may be obtained by contacting the Spokane 
International Airport, 9000 W. Airport Drive, Suite 
207, Spokane, WA, 99224. 
 
The Spokane Regional Transportation Council 
operates under an Interlocal Agreement adopted by 
participating entities that include the City of 
Spokane, Spokane County, Spokane Transit 
Authority (STA), the Ci ty of Spokane Valley, 
Washington State Department of Transportation 
(WSDOT), Washington State Transportation 
Commission, the Spokane Airport Board (SAB), and 
the incorporated towns within the County.  In 1965 
the Washington State Legislature created the current 
statutory authority that provided for coordinated 
regional planning within the State. 
 
The Council operates under a Board consisting of 
fourteen voting members and three ex-officio non-
voting members.  Voting members consist of two 
County Commissioners, two City Council members, 
three elected officials representing the small cities, 
one elected official representing small towns, one 
representative from the Spokane Valley, one person 
representing STA, (the STA Chief Executive Officer), 
one representative from WSDOT, one member from 
the Washington State Transportation Commission, 
one member from a private sector transportation 
provider, and one member representing the SAB 
(the SAB Chief Executive Officer).  Ex-officio 
members consist of one member representing rail, 
the Chair of the Transportation Advisory Committee, 
and the Chair of the SRTC Transportation Technical 
Committee.  The board selects management of the 
Council.  Control over collection and disbursement of 
funds resides with the Council. 
 
The unaudited summary below is for the fiscal year 
ended December 31, 2013.  The Spokane Regional 
Transportation Council is audited by the Office of 
State Auditor. 
City of Spokane 
 
90 Notes to the Financial Statements 
 
Spokane Regional 
Transportation Council 2013 
Total Assets 323,883$                        
Total Liabilities 323,883                           
Total Net P osition -$                                 
Total Revenues 1,337,964$                     
Total Expenses 1,198,204                       
Net Increase in Net Position 139,760$                        
 
At December 31, 2013 the Spokane Regional 
Transportation Council had no long-term debt 
outstanding.  The complete financial report may be 
obtained by contacting the Spokane Regional 
Transportation Council, 221 W. First Ave., Suite 310, 
Spokane, WA, 99201. 
 
 
Note 12 
Enterprise Funds 
 
A. Water/Sewer Fund 
 
Property, Plant and Equipment 
Some hydrants and some water mains are recorded 
at estimated costs. 
 
Contracts Receivable and Due From Other 
Governmental Units 
During 1982, the City of Spokane and Spokane 
County entered into an Interlocal Agreement whereby 
the County agreed to pay $5,779,709 for sewage 
treatment capacity at the Riverside Park Water 
Reclamation Facility.  Per the agreement, the City will 
process up to ten million gallons per day for the 
County.  Payments were adjusted annually using an 
implicit price deflator with January 1985 as the base 
period.  The final capacity payment was received in 
1999.  Currently only annually adjusted operations 
and maintenance treatment charges, pretreatment 
charges, and 10/44ths of water quality capital 
improvements at the Riverside Park Water 
Reclamation Facility are billed to Spokane County 
under the 1982 Interlocal Agreement. 
 
 
 
The City of Spokane and the City of Airway Heights 
entered into an agreement under which Airway 
Heights agreed to pay $2,040,000, in 1992 dollars, for 
sewage treatment capacity at the Riverside Park 
Water Reclamation Facility.  Per the agreement, the 
City will process up to 680,000 gallons per day for 
Airway Heights.  The final capacity payment was 
received in 2006.  Airway Heights no longer sends 
flows for treatment to the Riverside Park Water 
Reclamation Facility. 
 
The City of Spokane and Fairchild Air Force Base 
entered into an agreement under which Fairchild Air 
Force Base agreed to pay $3,000,000, in 1992 
dollars, for sewage treatment capacity at the 
Riverside Park Water Reclamation Facility.  Per the 
agreement, the City will process up to 1,000,000 
gallons per day for Fairchild.  Payments are revised 
annually and are anticipated to be collected in full by 
mid-year 2015. 
 
Spokane County Utility Tax Payments 
In October 2003, Spokane County began withholding 
the portion of its wastewat er bill it computed as 
representing municipal taxes.  In November 2003, 
Spokane County commenced a lawsuit to determine 
if the municipal taxes should be included as an 
expense in the calculation of the wastewater 
treatment rate for Spokane County.  In January 2007, 
an agreement was reached in mediation between the 
City and Spokane County, which was approved by 
the Spokane City Council on April 30, 2007. 
 
The agreement resulted in Spokane County paying 
$1,500,000 to the City on t he outstanding balance of 
their utility bill and the City removing the tax 
component from its billings to Spokane County.  The 
County will continue to make payments to the City, on 
a sliding percentage rate of their charges for 
wastewater utility services, in lieu of taxes, until the 
year 2021.  Beginning in the year 2022, there will be 
no further payments in lieu of taxes. 
  
C-48City of Spokane 
 
Notes to the Financial Statements 91 
 
C. Solid Waste Management Fund  
 
Spokane Regional Solid Waste Management 
System 
Environmental, economic and regulatory concerns led 
the City and Spokane County, on a joint basis, to 
conduct a lengthy and extensiv e investigation into a 
regional approach to the management, handling and 
disposal of solid waste collected in the City and other 
areas of the County that would give priority to 
disposal methods other than landfilling.  This 
cooperative effort has resulted in the Spokane 
Regional Solid Waste Management System (the 
"System"). 
 
The City and Spokane County entered into several 
interlocal agreements, which provide the framework 
for the management, handling and disposal of solid 
waste within the service area, consisting of the City, 
the unincorporated area of the County and the 
Regional Cities.  The City owns and operates the 
System but neither the City nor the County may use 
the System to the exclusion of the other.  The City is 
responsible for the financing and construction of all 
improvements to the System and for the management 
of the System except with respect to certain major 
decisions for which the concurrence of the County is 
required. 
 
The interlocal agreement is for a term of 25 years, or 
for such longer term as the financing bonds remain 
outstanding, and will be renewed automatically for 
successive 20-year terms unless the City and County 
agree not to renew it.  The interlocal agreement has 
been amended such that it now terminates on 
November 16, 2014. 
 
The System includes a mass burn waste to energy 
facility, two transfer stat ions, and three recycling 
centers located at the facility and the transfer stations.  
Ash from the waste to energy facility is hauled to the 
Roosevelt Regional Landfill in South Central 
Washington. 
 
 
The waste to energy facility was completed during 
1991.  Wheelabrator Spokane Inc. operates the 
facility pursuant to a 20-year operation and 
maintenance contract with the City. Pursuant to a 
service contract, the City has agreed to pay a service 
fee to Wheelabrator Spokane Inc. based on a 
minimum of 220,000 tons of  acceptable waste per 
year.  This quantity of solid waste represents 
approximately 90 percent of the facility's 248,200 ton 
contracted capacity.  The service contract has been 
extended for three years through November 16, 2014. 
 
The City and Puget Sound Power and Light 
Company, a Washington corporation, entered into an 
agreement for Firm Power Purchase of energy 
produced by the Spokane Regional Solid Waste 
Management System’s waste to energy facility.  
Subject to the terms thereof, the electricity agreement 
requires Puget Sound Power to purchase all electric 
output of the Facility, net of in-plant use, for 21 years 
commencing November 15, 1991.  This contract 
expired on December 31, 2011.  The City and Avista 
Corporation entered in a Power Purchase Agreement 
for purchase of energy produced by the facility 
subject to the terms thereof.  The contract requires 
Avista Corporation to purc hase all electric output of 
the facility for a period beginning on January 1, 2012, 
and ending on November 16, 2014. 
 
In order to provide funds for the closure, post-closure, 
and remedial actions of Spokane County's pre-
existing landfills, the City agreed in an interlocal 
agreement to provide to the County an amount not to 
exceed $20 million.  The in terlocal agreement states 
that such costs will be recovered from rates charged 
by the Spokane Regional Solid Waste Management 
System.  The $20 million has been provided to the 
County and those costs have been recovered by the 
Spokane Regional Solid Waste System.
City of Spokane 
 
92 Notes to the Financial Statements 
 
Landfill Closure 
On July 21, 1987, the City ceased disposal 
operations at its Southside Landfill.  During 
1988, the Southside landfill closure was 
completed at a total cost of $5.4 million.  
These closure costs were paid using 
previously reserved cash and the total 
closure amount was recorded as an expense 
in 1988. 
 
The City started closing the Northside 
Landfill in 1991.  The closure was completed 
during 1993 for a total cost of $19.4 million.  
These closure costs were paid using 
approximately $3.1 million of previously 
reserved cash and $16.3 million of the 
Spokane Regional Solid Waste 
Management System Revenue Bond 
proceeds.  The City Council and Spokane 
County Board of County Commissioners 
approved an interlocal agreement which 
required that tipping fees established by the 
Spokane Regional Solid Waste 
Management System shall have a landfill 
closure component which will provide a 
source of revenue to the City and the 
County for the payment of pre-existing 
landfill costs.  The City's portion of the 
closure component covers the debt service 
requirements on $16.3 million of revenue 
bond proceeds.  A Northside landfill closure 
liability was recorded as a deferred cost on 
January 1, 1988 and was charged to 
expense over a 20 year period as these 
amounts were recovered through rates 
charged to customers.  The deferred cost 
was fully amortized during 2007. 
 
Northside Regional Landfill 
Beginning in 1992, the Ci ty started using a 
recently completed Northside Regional 
Landfill for the disposal of bypass waste and 
demolition debris.  The 16 acre cell has a 
capacity of approximately 400,000 cubic 
yards (Phase I) and may be increased an 
additional 600,000 cubic yards (Phase II).  
State and federal laws and regulations 
require the City to place a final cover on the 
Northside Regional Landfill when it stops 
accepting waste and to perform certain 
maintenance and monitoring functions at the 
landfill site for thirty years after closure.  
Postclosure care consists of (1) maintaining 
the integrity and effectiveness of the final 
cover; (2) maintaining and operating the 
leachate collection system; (3) maintaining 
and operating the ground and surface water 
monitoring systems; and (4) maintaining and 
operating the gas monitoring systems.  
Although closure and postclosure care costs 
will be paid only near or after the date that 
the landfill stops accepting waste, the City 
recognizes a portion of these costs in each 
operating period based on landfill capacity 
used as of the balance sheet date. 
 
The $1.7 million reported as landfill closure 
liability at December 31, 2013 represents the 
cumulative amount reported based on the 
use of 63 percent of the estimated capacity of 
Phase 1.  This landfill has a remaining useful 
life of approximately 12 ye ars.  The City will 
recognize the remaining estimated cost of 
closure of $.9 million as the remaining 
estimated capacity (Phase 1) is filled.  All 
amounts recognized are based on what it 
would cost to perform all closure and 
postclosure care in 2013.  Actual costs may 
be higher due to inflation, changes in 
technology, or changes in regulations. 
 
As of December 31, 2013, the City held $1.7 
million of restricted cash, which is reserved 
for the closure of the Northside Regional 
Landfill (Phase 1). 
 
 
Postclosure Landfill Monitoring 
The $11.1 million reported as landfill 
postclosure care liability at December 31, 
2013 represents the cumulative amount 
required to monitor and maintain the closed 
portion of the Northside landfill, the open 
portion (Phase 1) of the Northside Regional 
landfill and the closed Southside landfill for 
the next 20-30 years.  All amounts 
recognized are based on what it would cost 
to perform all postclosure care in 2013.  
C-49City of Spokane 
 
Notes to the Financial Statements 93 
 
Actual costs may be higher due to inflation, 
changes in technology, or changes in 
regulations. 
 
The City has restricted $4.9 million in assets 
related to the post-closure monitoring of the 
closed portion of the Northside landfill, and 
$3.9 million for post-closure monitoring of the 
open portion of the Northside landfill.  No 
assets have been restricted for future costs of 
$2.3 million for the Southside landfill based 
on the City’s interpretation of the applicability 
of Washington Administrative Code 173-304-
467. 
 
D. Golf Fund  
 
Revenue Bond Covenants 
In March of 1991 the City issued $5.8 million 
of golf system revenue bonds.  These were 
issued with an average interest rate of 
7.1035%.  These bonds were issued to 
finance the construction of a fourth municipal 
City golf course. 
 
In March of 1997 the City issued $3.38 million 
of golf system revenue refunding bonds to 
partially refund the 1991 bonds.  These were 
issued with an average interest rate of 
5.25%.  The unrefunded 1991 Golf Bonds 
have matured and were paid in full on 
December 1, 2006. 
 
A requirement of the bond ordinance was to 
establish a rate covenant that provides that 
net revenue of the Golf fund will equal at 
least 1.25 times the debt service on the 
bonds and any additional bonds in that year.  
The ordinance also provides for the 
establishment of a reserve account to secure 
the payment of principal and interest on the 
bonds. The reserve account for the bonds is 
an amount equal to the lesser of a) 10% of 
the bond proceeds, b) the maximum annual 
debt service, or c) 125% of the average 
annual debt service on the bonds.  There is 
no intention of issuing additional revenue 
bonds for golf purposes at this time.  The 
reserve account has been established in the 
Golf Debt Service fund.   
 
The Golf Fund revenue did not meet the rate 
covenant for 2013.  The net revenue ratio, as 
stated above, requires the net revenue be 
1.25 times the debt service on the bonds.  
Although the net revenue ratio was only 0.78 
for 2013, the debt was fully retired during 
2013. 
 
 
Note 13 
Commitments and 
Contingencies 
 
A. Disability Supplemental Pensions 
 
The Department of Labor and Industries 
made a determination that four employees of 
the City were totally disabled as the result of 
industrial injuries.  This determination 
required the employees to be placed on the 
pension rolls of the Department of Labor and 
Industries supplemental pension fund and 
provided for monthly pension benefits.  Since 
the City is self-insured, the City is responsible 
for funding these pension benefits. The City 
has deposited $427,949 with the State of 
Washington which represents the full present 
value (as of June 30, 1995) of the pensions. 
The State will invest the $427,949 on the 
City’s behalf and pay pensions each month 
from that deposit.  Interest earnings will 
accrue to the deposit. Each year, in June, the 
pensions are actuarially re-evaluated and 
excess monies, from interest earnings and 
decreasing present value, are returned to the 
City.  As of June 30, 2013, there are three 
pensioners remaining.  The current value of 
the deposit, as of June 30, 2013, was 
$262,567. In 2013, a deposit of $744,120 
was made for an additional pension, for a 
total deposit with the State of $1,006,687. 
 
 
City of Spokane 
 
94 Notes to the Financial Statements 
 
B. Downtown Housing Stabilization 
 
The Downtown Housing Stabilization 
Program is a program developed by the 
Financial Issues Task Force of the Downtown 
Capital Needs Committee in the early 1990s. 
The Stabilization Program was designed to 
maximize opportunities for private investment 
to respond to the critical need for affordable 
housing units for low-income residents of the 
Downtown Community. The City has 
assumed the role of Loan Loss Guarantor for 
loans made by private investors on properties 
purchased as part of the program.  No new 
loans have been made under this program 
since 1994. 
 
C. Spokane Public Facilities District 
 
In August 2003 the City executed an 
interlocal agreement with the Spokane Public 
Facilities District (PFD) related to the 
Spokane Convention Center, the Spokane 
Opera House, and the Washington State 
International Agricultural Trade Center 
(collectively known as the Spokane Center) 
and the Spokane Veterans Memorial Arena.   
The purpose of the agreement was to set 
forth agreements relating to PFD’s acquisition 
of the existing facilities, the expansion of the 
Spokane Convention Center, and the 
operation and maintenance of the Spokane 
Center facilities and the Arena.  The 
agreement terminated the City’s operation 
agreement for the Arena, and transferred 2/3 
ownership of the Spokane Center assets to 
the PFD.  The interlocal agreement also laid 
out certain annual obligations of the City to 
the PFD related to the Spokane Center:  This 
agreement was modified in May 2009 and 
contains the following stipulations: 
 
1. The City will transfer to the PFD all 
admission taxes collected at Spokane 
Center and Arena events. 
 
2. The City will transfer to the PFD all 
lodging tax revenues collected, after 
deducting amounts sufficient to service the 
City’s outstanding debt payments related to 
Spokane Center assets and $100,000 
annually to be allocated by the City’s Lodging 
Tax Advisory Committee.  The $100,000 
allocation shall be adjusted annually by using 
the Consumer Price Index (CPI) or other 
closely related index if that index is 
discontinued.  If the CPI is greater than 2%, 
the City can consider negotiation of 
transferring the incremental increase to the 
District, but is not required to do so. 
 
This agreement is valid through December 
31, 2038. 
 
D. Construction Commitments 
 
The City has active construction projects as 
of December 31, 2103.  The projects include 
street construction, parks, water/sewer 
infrastructure and transfer station upgrades, 
and technology upgrades.  At year end, 
outstanding construction commitments are as 
follows: 
C-50City of Spokane 
 
Notes to the Financial Statements 95 
 
continued
Construction Commitments Original Commitment Spent to Date
Remaining 
Commitment at 
12/31/13
11th, Latah Bridge - CDA; 12th, Spruce - Inland 
Empire Way 55,028                             29,366                                                           25,662 
14th and Queen Paving 130,677                          105,512                                                        25,165 
14th Avenue, Monroe to Grand 1,332,447                       1,318,586                                                     13,861 
29th Avenue, High Drive to Grand 2,808,395                       2,514,702                                                  293,694 
3rd Avenue, Division to Arthur 1,890,736                       1,786,560                                                  104,175 
8th & Chandler Transmission 982,200                          -                                                              982,200 
8th/9th Ave. 200,000                          -                                                              200,000 
Adams, 21st to 15th Avenues 950,134                          923,170                                                        26,964 
Ash/Maple PED Timers 99,612                             23,462                                                           76,150 
Audio system installation 28,240                             -                                                                 28,240 
Carrousel roof 19,080                             -                                                                 19,080 
Cedar/Country Homes Intersection 476,938                          -                                                              476,938 
Centennial Trail 548,835                          -                                                              548,835 
Clean Digester No. 1 177,480                          -                                                              177,480 
Clocktower repairs 22,729                             -                                                                 22,729 
Community Development Sidewalks 538,000                          412,961                                                     125,039 
Northside Landfill Rehabilitation 383,374                          336,709                                                        46,665 
Crestline, 37th to57th Water Main Replacement 3,115,609                       2,694,210                                                  421,399 
CSO Control Facility 5,133,961                       914,144                                                  4,219,817 
CSO Reduction Program 4,788,857                       607,039                                                  4,181,818 
Cure Sanitary Sewer 1,065,633                       -                                                           1,065,633 
Division St. River-N City Limits 805,912                          776,329                                                        29,583 
Division, Maple, Ash 1,772,268                       1,468,266                                                  304,002 
Downtown Bicycle Network 463,960                          414,477                                                        49,483 
Electrical Engineering Services 65,084                             55,691                                                             9,392 
Euclid, Mayfair - Crestline Water 2,346,441                       2,177,162                                                  169,280 
Fiske, 19th - 17th 182,097                          149,131                                                        32,966 
Flint Road Signal Project 99,459                             -                                                                 99,459 
Francis, Crestline to Haven 1,341,408                       1,248,414                                                     92,994 
Francis, Division to Crestline 2,880,612                       -                                                           2,880,612 
Gaiser conservatory 24,395                             18,570                                                             5,825 
Green St Bridge 3,057,983                       1,530,512                                               1,527,471 
Hamilton/Nevada PED Timers 32,484                             -                                                                 32,484 
Havana St Bridge 6,222,479                       5,880,145                                                  342,334 
Improvements WTE facility 8,600,000                       5,738,467                                               2,861,533 
King Cole bridge pathway 27,906                             -                                                                 27,906 
Lift Stations Backup Power 475,497                          422,722                                                        52,775 
Lincoln Heights Booster Station 2,568,243                       1,138,922                                               1,429,322 
Liquids Phase 2 - Package A 15,530,617                     14,447,995                                             1,082,622 
Low Impact Development Stormwater Facilities 30,000                             7,714                                                             22,286 
Manito Park walls 8,805                               7,455                                                               1,350 
Transfer Station Design Projects 23,000                             13,790                                                             9,210 
Mirror Pond 20,133                             10,575                                                             9,558 
Nelson Service Center 14,543,790                     127,709                                                14,416,081 
Northside Landfill Gate 15,196                             -                                                                 15,196 
 
  
City of Spokane 
 
96 Notes to the Financial Statements 
 
concluded
Construction Commitments Original Commitment Spent to Date
Remaining 
Commitment at 
12/31/13
Package B - Digester Gases 6,817,001                       953,583                                                  5,863,418 
Post Street One Way Conversion 20,467                             15,654                                                             4,813 
Post Street Bridge inspection 11,420                             8,731                                                               2,689 
Professional Svcs - HRMS 21,000                             -                                                                 21,000 
Program Management - CSO 20,413,605                     19,972,785                                                440,820 
Riverside, Altamont - Cook and Cook, Sprague - 
Riverside 1,630                               111                                                                  1,519 
Rockwood, Cowley to SE Blvd 2,465,503                       1,591,618                                                  873,885 
Rowan Avenue Sidewalk, Belt to Monroe 305,357                          -                                                              305,357 
Sekani Shelter 38,987                             -                                                                 38,987 
Spokane Falls Blvd Enhancements 1,394,279                       1,203,338                                                  190,941 
Springfield Lift Station Replacement 646,603                          502,371                                                     144,232 
Stormwater Facility 2,064,426                       1,049,447                                               1,014,980 
Traffic Calming 272,796                          197,335                                                        75,461 
Upgrade Primary Solids Pump Station 4,554,189                       3,886,089                                                  668,100 
Valley Transfer Station 11,267                             -                                                                 11,267 
Total Construction Commitments  $                124,924,265  $                   76,681,528  $                   48,242,737 
 
  
C-51City of Spokane 
 
Notes to the Financial Statements 97 
 
 
Note 14 
Prior Period Adjustments 
 
The Statement of Activities reports a net increase to 
net position of $14,091,911 as follows: 
 
Governmental Activities
General Fund (544,521)$        
Street Fund 75,868               
Law Enforcement Info Systems 
Fund 206,802            
Real Estate Excise Tax Fund 75,868               
Public Safety & Judicial Grants 
Fund (34,624)             
Criminal Justice Assistance 
Fund 253,181            
Information Technology Fund (50,282)             
Employee Benefits Fund 1,809,256         
1,791,548         
Capital Asset Correction
1
Parks Fund (456,547)           
Street Fund (175,897)           
Total 1,159,104$       
1Because capital assets in the go vernmental 
funds are not reflected in the fund financial 
statements, corrections of prior period 
balances only affect the government-wide 
financial statements.
 
 
Business-Type Activities
Water/Sewer Fund (15,251,015)     
Total (15,251,015)$   
 
Governmental Activities 
$174,623 decrease in the General Fund due 
to an understatement of business taxes in the 
prior year. 
 
$162,366 decrease in the General Fund due 
to a correction of a prior year liability related 
to the Public Safety building. 
 
$1,320 decrease in the General Fund due to 
the refunds of prior year permits. 
 
$199,877 decrease in the General Fund due 
to an understatement of election costs in the 
prior year. 
 
$6,335 decrease in the General Fund due to 
the correction of prior year accruals. 
 
$75,868 increase in the Street Fund due to a 
correction of prior year accrual. 
 
$75,868 increase in the Real Estate Excise 
Tax Fund due to a correction of prior year 
accrual. 
 
$206,802 increase in the Law Enforcement 
Information Systems Fund due to a prior year 
adjustment for common costs of the Public 
Safety Building. 
 
$34,624 decrease in the Public Safety and 
Judicial Grants Fund to reclassify prior year 
grant program income for ineligible 
expenses/grant findings as recommended by 
the cognizant agency (Department of 
Justice). 
 
$253,181 increase in the Criminal Justice 
Assistance Fund due to the correction of a 
prior year accrual. 
City of Spokane 
 
98 Notes to the Financial Statements 
 
$50,282 decrease in the Information Technology 
Fund due to a correction of a prior year accrual. 
 
$1,809,256 increase in the Employee Benefits Fund 
due to an estimated rate stabilization refund for prior 
year premiums paid to Group Health. 
 
$456,547 reduction in Parks Fund capital assets is 
the result of an increase of 175,739 due to an 
increase of prior capital assets and a $17,163 
reduction of construction in progress for prior 
expenses that won’t result in a capital asset.  There 
was a $615,123 increase in accumulated depreciation 
due to a correction of construction in progress 
amounts that should have been placed in service in a 
prior period. 
 
$175,897 reduction in Street Fund capital assets is 
the result of a reduction of construction in progress for 
prior expenses that won’t result in a capital asset. 
 
Business-Type Activities 
$15,251,015 decrease in the Water/Sewer Fund due 
to a change in accounting methodology used to 
calculate the historical cost of water main 
replacements. 
 
Note 15 
Legal Matters 
 
In the normal course of governmental operations the 
City has claims filed against it for various losses 
related to tort actions for such things as wrongful 
acts, injuries, or damages for which a civil action can 
be brought, and other routi ne legal proceedings.  At 
any given point in time, there is a recurring volume 
of tort and other claims for compensation and 
damages against the City, which could impact 
expenditures.  The City’s  Risk Management Fund 
provides for these claims, and insurance is available 
to pay a portion of damages for certain types of 
claims.  The collective impact of these claims is not 
likely to have a material impact on the City’s financial 
position.  There are no known pending or anticipated 
legal matters that would materially affect the 
financial statements of the City for the year ending 
December 31, 2013. 
 
 
C-52City of Spokane 
 
Required Supplementary Information 99 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Required Supplementary Information 
City of Spokane 
 
100 Required Supplementary Information 
 
  
Schedule 01 R evenues , Expenditures , and Changes In Fund Balance 
Budget and Actua l 
General Fund Accounts 
For the Year Ended December 31, 2013 
0rIglnol8udget flnot 8udget Actuo t 
RESOURCES 
Taxes , 128.881.005 
• 1 28.881.005 , 130.269.~75 
• Ucenses and perm its 6.479.000 6.479.000 6.424.954 
Intergovernmenta l 5.242.428 5.322.428 3.267.477 
Charges 10( services 15.829.536 16.0440466 14.583.39 1 
Fines and torleitures 3.204.500 3.204.500 2.862.356 
Misce llaneous 3.133.550 2.783.550 2.310J05 
Toiol relOurc es 162.770.019 162,71-4.949 159.717.758 
EXPENDITURES 
General govemmerll 21.989.439 22.569.311 21.852 .608 
Public solely 89.240.202 90.786.008 89.789.347 
Ufilities erwironment 
Transportation 7.892.819 8.306.199 7.324.204 
Economic environmen l 6.111.151 6.671 ,685 5.178.1>83 
Men ial and physical heollh 110.080 120.080 118.064 
Cullure and recreolion 8.210.276 8.419.623 8.278.029 
Capitaloulloy 2.065.541 2.620.066 2.216.660 
Debl service: 
Inlerest 10,000 10.000 
10tol expe ndH ..... es 135.629.506 139.502.972 134,757.595 
Excen relOurce s over expendHur es 27.140.511 23.211.977 2~,960.163 
OTHER fiNANCING SOURCES (USU) 
Sale 01 capitol assets 74.604 
Col lec tion of revolving loom 
Transfeo in 9.027.950 9.377.950 9.344.658 
Transfers out (36.911.805) (36.865.8051 (36.727,050) 
Tolol olh er financing IOtJ.Cel (",I el) 127.883.8551 (27.487.855) (27.307.7881 
bcen (deficiency) 0/ reVenues and olher sourc es 
ove< (under) expenditur es ond oilier uses (743.344) (4.275.878) (2.347.625) 
OIher chonge s In fund balon c e 
Prior period odjustmenl (544.521) 
f",nd 80looce • beginning 38,510.147 38.510.147 38.510.147 
fvnd 80100<:e - e nding , 37.766.803 
• 
34.234.269 
• 
35.618.001 
• 
Vorlaoc e wltll flnol 
Ellmlnotlonl Budget-Positive 
(Negollv el 
, 1.388.470 
(54.0461 
(2.054.9511 
(1.461.075) 
(342.14~) 
(-473.445) 
(2,997.191) 
716.703 
996.661 
981.995 
1.493.002 
2.0 16 
141.594 
403.406 
10.000 
4.745.377 
1.748.186 
74.604 
(8.943.7121 (33.2921 
8.943.712 138.755 
180.067 
1.928.253 
(544,521) 
• 
1.383.732 
C-53City of Spokane 
 
Required Supplementary Information 101 
 
 
Required Supplementary Information 
Schedule of Funding Progress 
 
Schedule of Funding Progress
Employees' Retirement System
Valuation Years 2013 through 2007
(dollars in thousands)
2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 
Actuarial valuation date 12/31/2013 12/31/2012 12/31/2011 12/31/2010 12/31/2009 12/31/2008 12/31/2007
Actuarial value of plan assets 261,605$       241,425$       241,611$       241,748$       231,997$       193,314$       242,615$       
Actuarial accrued liability 381,039 364,716 351,318 334,849 317,577 295,223 272,202
Unfunded actuarial liability 119,434 123,291 109,707 93,101 85,580 101,909 29,587
Percentage funded 68.7% 66.2% 68.8% 72.2% 73.1% 65.5% 89.1%
Covered payroll 87,337 89,015 90,264 88,094 83,455 74,183 69,262
Unfunded actuarial liability as a percentage of 
covered payroll 136.75% 138.51% 121.54% 105.68% 102.55% 137.38% 42.72%
Source: Cit y of Spokane
 
 
Schedule of Funding Progress
Firefighters' Pension System
Valuation Years 2012 through 2003
(dollars in thousands)
2012 2010 2008 2006 2005 2004 2003 
Actuarial valuation date 12/31/2012 12/31/2010 12/31/2008 12/31/2006 12/31/2005 12/31/2004 12/31/2003
Actuarial value of plan assets 12,571$         14,246$         15,259$         13,325$         12,480$         12,960$         13,080$         
Actuarial accrued liability 25,755 29,639 33,364 32,728 27,565 15,590 10,494
Unfunded actuarial liability 13,184 15,393 18,105 19,403 15,085 2,630 (2,586)
Percentage funded 49% 48% 46% 41% 45% 83% 125%
Covered payroll N/A 244 217 380 N/A N/A N/A
Unfunded actuarial liability as a percentage of 
covered payroll N/A 6309% 8343% 5106% N/A N/A N/A
Beginning in 2008, the City began using a two-year actuarial cycle.
Source:  City of Spokane
 
  
City of Spokane 
 
102 Required Supplementary Information 
 
Schedule of Funding Progress cont. 
 
 
Schedule of Funding Progress
Police Pension System
Valuation Years 2012 through 2003
(dollars in thousands)
2012 2010 2008 2006 2005 2004 2003 
Actuarial valuation date 12/31/2012 12/31/2010 12/31/2008 12/31/2006 12/31/2005 12/31/2004 12/31/2003
Actuarial value of plan assets 664$              714$              929$              659$              787$              963$              -$                    
Actuarial accrued liability 10,599 12,450 18,350 16,480 14,332 6,538 7,174
Unfunded actuarial liability 9,935 11,736 17,421 15,821 13,545 5,575 7,174
Percentage funded 6% 6% 5% 4% 5% 15% 0%
Covered payroll N/A 143 136 176 N/A N/A N/A
Unfunded actuarial liability as a percentage of 
covered payroll N/A 8207% 12810% 8989% N/A N/A N/A
Beginning in 2008, the City began using a two-year actuarial cycle.
Source:  City of Spokane
 
 
 
  
C-54City of Spokane 
 
Required Supplementary Information 103 
 
Schedule of Employer Contributions 
 
 
Schedule of Contributions from Employers
For the Fiscal Years Ended December 31, 2013 through 2007
(dollars in thousands)
2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 
Employees' Retirement System
Employer's annual required contribution 8,237$           8,326$           10,011$         8,955$           8,267$           8,827$           5,743$           
Employer's actual contribution 6,715 6,938 6,799 6,581 6,474 4,875 4,518
Percentage contributed 81.52% 83.33% 67.92% 73.49% 78.31% 55.23% 78.67%
Annual pension cost 8,687             8,734             10,337           9,219             8,485             8,950             5,835             
Net pension obligation 21,293           19,322           17,525           13,988           11,349           9,339             5,265             
Firefighters' Pension System
Employer's annual required contribution 865$              1,071$           1,071$           1,215$           1,215$           1,262$           1,262$           
Employer's actual contribution 2,183 440 758 697 1,360 2,082
Percentage contributed 252% 41% 0% 62% 57% 108% 165%
Annual pension cost 834                 1,058             1,077             1,228             1,234             1,279             1,268             
Net pension obligation (20)                 1,329             711                 (366)               (835)               (1,373)            (1,291)            
Police Pension System
Employer's annual required contribution 587$              734$              734$              1,045$           1,045$           1,029$           1,029$           
Employer's actual contribution 845 870 849 768 1,037 1,108 1,450
Percentage contributed 144% 118% 116% 73% 99% 108% 141%
Annual pension cost 529                 685                 684                 1,003             1,005             998                 995                 
Net pension obligation 1,807             2,123             2,308             2,473             2,238             2,270             2,380             
Source: Cit y of Spokane
 
 
  
City of Spokane 
 
104 Required Supplementary Information 
 
Other Postemployment Benefits 
Schedule of Funding Progress 
 
Schedule of Funding Progress
Other Postemployment Benefits
Firefighters' Pension System
Valuation Years 2012 through 2006
(dollars in thousands)
Firefighters' Pension System 2012 2010 2008 2006 
Actuarial valuation date 12/31/2012 12/31/2010 12/31/2008 12/31/2006
Actuarial value of plan assets 12,576$                                   7,889$                                     5,133$                                     3,347$                                     
Actuarial accrued liability (AAL) 62,779 77,975 65,479 55,666
Unfunded actuarial accrued liability (UAAL) 50,203 70,086 60,346 52,319
Funded ratio 20% 10% 8% 6%
Covered payroll N/A N/A N/A N/A
UAAL as a percentage of covered payroll N/A N/A N/A N/A
Beginning in 2008, the City began using a two-year actuarial cycle.
Source:  City of Spokane
 
 
Schedule of Funding Progress
Other Postemployment Benefits
Police Pension System
Valuation Years 2012 through 2006
(dollars in thousands)
Police Pension System 2012 2010 2008 2006 
Actuarial valuation date 12/31/2012 12/31/2010 12/31/2008 12/31/2006
Actuarial value of plan assets -$                                              -$                                              -$                                              -$                                              
Actuarial accrued liability (AAL) 73,197 91,069 74,045 51,370
Unfunded actuarial accrued liability (UAAL) 73,197 91,069 74,045 51,370
Funded ratio 0%0 %0 %0 %
Covered payroll N/A N/A N/A N/A
UAAL as a percentage of covered payroll N/A N/A N/A N/A
Beginning in 2008, the City began using a two-year actuarial cycle.
Source:  City of Spokane
 
 
 
  
C-55City of Spokane 
 
Required Supplementary Information 105 
 
Other Postemployment Benefits 
Schedule of Contributions from Employers 
 
Schedule of Contributions from Employers
Other Postemployment Benefits
Firefighters' Pension System
For the Fiscal Years Ended December 31, 2013 through 2008
(dollars in thousands)
Firefighters' Pension System 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 
Employer's annual required contribution 3,377$           5,056$           5,056$           4,311$           4,311$           3,657$           
Employer's actual contribution 3,377 5,099 5,013 4,311 4,311 3,657
Percentage contributed 100% 101% 99% 100% 100% 100%
Annual OPEB cost 3,377              5,056              5,056              4,311              4,311              3,657              
Net OPEB obligation 00 4 3000
Source:  Cit y of Spokane
 
 
 
 
Schedule of Contributions from Employers
Other Postemployment Benefits
Police Pension System
For the Fiscal Years Ended December 31, 2013 through 2008
(dollars in thousands)
Police Pension System 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 
Employer's annual required contribution 4,380$           5,877$           5,877$           4,573$           4,573$           3,470$           
Employer's actual contribution 2,496 2,811 2,856 3,398 2,747 2,606
Percentage contributed 57% 48% 49% 74% 60% 75%
Annual OPEB cost 4,093 5,712 5,782 4,505 4,541 3,458
Net OPEB obligation 12,124 10,527 7,626 4,700 3,593 1799
Source:  Cit y of Spokane
 
 
  
City of Spokane 
 
106 Required Supplementary Information 
 
 
Notes to the Required Supplementary 
Information 
For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2013 
 
The information presented in the required supplementary schedules was determined as part of 
the actuarial valuations at the dates indicated.  The actuarial methods and significant 
assumptions used in these valuations are available in the publicly available actuary reports for 
the three pension plans.  These reports may be obtained by writing to the Spokane Employees’ 
Retirement System, City Hall, 808 West Spokane Falls Blvd, Spokane, Washington, 99201 or by 
calling (509) 625-6330. 
 
 
C-56City of Spokane 
 
Schedules 107 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Schedules 
  
City of Spokane 
 
108 Schedules 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
This page intentionally left blank. 
 
 
  
C-57City of Spokane 
 
Schedules 109 
 
 
 
  
Schedule for General Fund Accounts 
Balance Sheet 
December 31, 201 3 
continued 
Genefat f und Coo. libfary Undef freeway Parking Munlclpol Alb 
Enforcement Parking focll~le$ Projects 
ASSETS 
Cash and cash equivalents 
• 
5,974,778 
• 
87,764 
• 
168.168 
• ".005 • 390 $ 5A07 
Deposits with tiscal agents/ trvstees 69,833 
Equity in pooled investments 13,582,906 404.846 
Taxes receivable 11.969,697 366.011 
Accounts receivab le 2.659.701 6.034 126,023 17/:R4 
Interest receivable 19M15 ,<0 
Due tram other funds 5,240,38$ 14.165 
'" Interfund loon receivable 157,875 4.699 
Due tram other governments 228.413 
Advances to other tunds 782.222 23,283 
Inventories 
Noles/contract receivable lnon cUlfenll 
Tolal Assets 40.862,625 473.974 727,858 506.899 390 5.407 
liABIliTIES AND FUND BALANCe 
UobUijles: 
Accounls/vouchers payable 793,958 25.765 94.897 6.965 
Due to other lunds 750.104 223,230 2.411 
Due to other governments 2" 
Intertund loan poyable 
Other accrved liabilities 2,965,978 23.367 164.304 
Omef current liob4lities 840.444 219 
Deterred inflow of resources 1,827.120 
Total Liabilities 7.177.840 272.362 261.831 6,965 
FUND BALANCE: 
Nonspendoble 94D,()96 27.982 
Restricted foc 
Inventories 
Capitol projects 
Gronts 
Commilted 14.515.773 486.922 390 
Assigned 1.972.615 166.946 437.821 13,016 5.407 
Unassigned 16.291.185 
Total Fund Balance • 33.7\9.669 • 166.946 $ 465.803 
• 
499.938 
• 
390 
• 
5.407 
City of Spokane 
 
110 Schedules 
 
 
  
Schedule for General Fund Accounts 
Bolance Sheet 
December 31, 2013 
conc luded 
Capital 
H." Housing Tlust JTPA Plivate Cumulative Improvement Total 
Plogfam Acquisition GIant Industry Cound Reserve 
ASSETS 
COSh and cosh equivolents I 89,407 I 29,958 I 1.01 5 I 10,210 I 22.569 4,879,<471 
Deposits with fiscal ogenls/lfl.lstees 69,833 
Equity in pooled investmenls 1.466 193,158 180,880 70 1<4,363,326 
Toxes receivable 12,335.706 
Accounts receivable 2,806,852 
Interest reCeivable 153 ISO 197,258 
Due from ather funds 
'" 
5.256,194 
Intertund loon receivable 13 2,242 2,102 166,931 
Due from other governments 228,413 
Advances 10 other funds 62 ILlD7 10,41 6 827,09() 
Invel'ltories 
Notesfcontract receivoble (non current) 210,927 22.850 233,777 
Total AlIet s 90,948 447,545 217,41 3 11.225 22,569 43,366,853 
LIABILITIES AND fUND BALANCE 
liabilitIes: 
Accounts/vouchers payab le 921 ,585 
Due to other lunds 7,599 2,255 985,599 
Due to other governments 2" 
Inleriund loon payable 
Other OCCfl.led Iklbilities 3,153,649 
Other currenl i abili~es 20,000 860,663 
Deferred inllow 01 resources 1,827,120 
Totaillabllliles 27,599 2,255 7,748,852 
FUND 8ALANCE: 
Nompendob le 75 13,349 12,518 994,020 
Restricted fOf: 
InventQfie$ 
Capitol projects 
Grants 431.941 204,895 636,836 
Committed 11.225 15,014,310 
ASSigned 63,276 22.569 2,68U50 
Unos~ned 16,291,185 
Total fund Balance I 63,351 I 445,290 I 217.413 I 11.225 I 22.569 35,618,001 
C-58City of Spokane 
 
Schedules 111 
 
 
  
REVENUES 
1",,, 
licenses and permits 
Intergovernmental 
Chorges tor services 
Fines OM forfeitures 
MisCellaneous 
Interest income 
Net increase (decrease) in 10M' value of 
investments 
Total Revenues 
EXPENDITURES 
Cuoen!: 
General government 
Public ;afety 
Utj~fies envronment 
TransportatiOn 
Economic envi'onment 
Mental and physical health 
Culture and recreatiOn 
Copital oullays 
Debt5er'l'ke: 
f'rinCipol 
Interest 
Total Expend~Ufes 
E~,elS at Revenues Over (~nder) 
ExpendHure, 
OTHER fiNANCING SOURCES (USES) 
Sale of capital OIsets 
Transfers in 
Transfers out 
Total Diller FinanCing SOurces (Uses) 
Chonge In fund 80lallte 
Other ClIongesln fund 8010llte 
Prior Period Adjustment 
Fund Boton,e· beginning 
Fund Bolon,e · ending 
Schedule for General Fund Accounts 
Sfatement of Revenue, Expenditures, and Changes In Fund Balances 
For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2013 
Cod, Under Freeway POfkillQ GefH!fat Fund Enforcement UbrlllY Parking filcllales 
• 130,264,161 , 5,3U • • • 6.424.954 
3.267.477 
13.730.6>'0 827,811 24,890 
2.697.360 fll.1I3j 176,100 
6nlll 210,997 76.139 149.722 
1.876.867 832 
(623.063) 13,829) 
156,260,557 1,033,009 274.141 149.722 
21.852515 
88.478,694 1,310,653 
7.213,097 111.107 
5.161.620 521 
118.064 
Wl..697 7.775.332 
527.788 887.958 62.91 0 
123,854.475 1.310.653 8.663.290 174.538 
34.406.082 (277.644) (8.389.149) 124.816) 
74,6Q.j 
<00." 270.3t5 7.923,397 
(36}14.444) 111.590) 
136.239.8401 270,315 7.911.807 
(1.833.758) (7,329) 1477.342) 124.816) 
(544.521) 
36.097.948 174.275 943.145 524.754 3W 
• 
33.719,669 , 166.946 
• 
465,800 
• 
499,938 , 3?0 
con~nved 
Municipol Art Capital 
IlT1pIovemen! Proje,!! Program 
, • 
(Ill) 
(111) 
93 
728.156 
728,249 
172B.360) 
7SO.COO 
750.(0) 
21.640 
5.407 41.711 
• 
5.407 
• 
63.351 
City of Spokane 
 
112 Schedules 
 
 
  
Schedule for General Fund Accounts 
Statement of Revenue , Expenditur es. o nd Changes In Fund Balances 
For fhe Fiscal Year Ended December 31,2013 
Hope Housing Trusl JTPA prtvale Cumulollve 
Acqulsijlon Gronl Indushy CouncU ResefYe 
REVENUES 
Toxes • • • • 
Uc:enses and permits 
Intergovernmental 
Charges tOl services 
Fines and tolieitUles 
Miscellaneom 
Interest income 2,326 1.668 20 
Net increase (dec rease) in fair value of 
Investments P,787) !l,l8l! 
Total Revenues $39 (119! 20 
EXPENDITURES 
Currenl: 
Genera l govemment 
Publk: safely 
Utilities envronment 
Transportation 
Econom ic environmen t 16.542 
Menial and physk:ol heal th 
Cultu re and recrea~on 
Capi tol outlays 9,848 
Debt service: 
F'fincipol 
Interest 
Total hpendijules 26.390 
hcen 01 Revenues Over (Under) 
Expenditures (25,851) P19! 20 
OTHER FINANCING SOURCES (USES) 
Sale of capitol ow~ t s 
Transfers in ,<6 
Transfers out (1.016) 
Total othet" flno nclng SouICes (Uses) (10! 
Change In f und Balance (25,851) (119) 1501 
othet" Changes In f und Balance 
Prior PeriOd Adjustmen t 
Fund Bolonce . beginning 471.141 217.532 11,275 22.569 
Fund Balance· ending • 
445.290 $ 217.413 
• 
11.2'25 • 22.569 
Concluded 
ElimillOlions Total 
• $ 130,269,475 
6.424,954 
3.267.477 
14,583,391 
2.862,356 
1.058,969 
1.881,602 
(630,466) 
159,717,7S8 
21,852.608 
89,789.347 
7,324.204 
5,178,683 
118.064 
8,278 ,029 
2,216.660 
13U57.595 
24.960,163 
74,604 
(8.943.712) 400,946 
8.943.712 (21 ,783,338) 
(27,307.188) 
(2.341 .625) 
(544.521) 
38,510.147 
$ $ 35.618 ,001 
C-59City of Spokane 
 
Schedules 113 
 
 
  
Schedule of Revenue s. expenditures . ond Chongesl n Fund Bolance 
Budget ond Actual 
Genero l Fund 
For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31. 2013 
Odglnol Iludgel Final Iludgel Aclual 
RHOURCES 
Taxes 
• 
128.881.00;) 
• 
128.881.00;) 
• 
130.264.161 
Licenses and permi ls 6.479.00;) 6.479.00;) 6.424.954 
Intergovernmental 5.242.428 5.322.428 3.267.477 
Chorges for services 14.765.516 14.830.446 13.730.690 
Fines ond forfe ilures 2.969.500 2.969.500 2.697.360 
Miscel laneous 2.528.00;) 2.528.00;) 1.875.915 
Total resources 160.865.444 161.010,374 158.260.557 
EXPENDITURES 
Generol governmenl 21.989.439 22.569.311 21.852.515 
Public solet y 87.818,863 89.187.928 88.478.694 
Utilities environment 
Transporta tion 7.765.649 8.120.758 7.213.097 
Economic environmen l 6.066.151 6.646.685 5.161.620 
Men tal ond physical heal th 110.080 120,080 118.064 
Cultu re and recreat ion 557.553 566.900 502.697 
CapHa l oullay 190.00;) 620.704 527.788 
Deb t service: 
Interes t 10.00;) 10.000 
Tolol e xpenditures 124.527.735 127.842.366 123.854.475 
Excess reSOurCes over ellpendltures 36.337.709 33.168.008 34.406.062 
OTHER FINANCING SOURCES (USES) 
Sale 01 capitol osseh 74.604 
Collection of revolving loons 
Transfers In 400.000 400.000 400.00;) 
Transfers out (36.9oo.215J (36.854.215) [36.714.444) 
Total ol her tlnan clng sources (uses) (36.500.215) [36.454.215) (36,239.8401 
Eileen (deficiency) of reve nues and other sou,ce s 
over (under) ellpendltures and other uses (162.506) (3.286,207) (1.833.7581 
Other changes In fund bala nce 
Prior period adjustm ent (544.521) (544.521) (544.521J 
Fund Solance • begInning 36.097.948 36.097.948 36.097.948 
Fund Solance • endIng 
• 
35.390.921 
• 
32.267.220 
• 
33.719.669 
VarIanc e with Final 
Iludget·f'osltlve 
(Negativ e) 
• 
1.383.161 
(54.0461 
(2.054.95IJ 
(1.099.7561 
(272.140) 
(652.085) 
(2.749.817) 
716.796 
709.234 
907.661 
1.485.065 
2.016 
64.203 
92.916 
10.00;) 
3.987.891 
1.238.074 
74.604 
139.771 
214,375 
1 .452.449 
• 
1.452.449 
City of Spokane 
 
114 Schedules 
 
 
  
Schedu le of Revenues, Expenditures , and Changes In Fund Balance 
Budgef and Actua l 
Code Enforcement Fund 
For the Fisca l Year Ended December 31, 2013 
OrIginal 8udgel final Budget Actual 
RESOURCES 
Taxes $ $ $ 5.31 4 
Licenses and pe;mi h 
Inlergovernmen lal 
Charges for services 1.034.020 1.184,020 827,811 
Fines and lor feilures [11.113) 
Mtscellaneaus 70.500 70.500 210,997 
Total resourc e s 1.104.520 1,254,520 1.033J)09 
EXPENDITURES 
Genera l governmenl 
Publk: salely 1.421.339 1,598.080 1.310.653 
Ulililies environmen t 
Transpor talion 
Economic environment 
Mentol ond physicol hea lth 
Cui lu re ond recreation 
Copi taloutlay 
Debt sefVlce : 
Intete5 1 
Total expenditures 1.421.339 1.598.080 1.310.653 
Excess resources over expenditures 1316.8191 {343,560! 1277.644! 
OTHER F INANC ING SOURCES (USES) 
Sale of copital a ssets 
Collec,"on at revolving loom 
Tronsfers in 304.553 304,553 270.315 
Transfers out 
Tolol other financing sources (uses) 304.553 304.553 270.315 
Excess (deficiency) 01 revenues and other sources 
over (under) expenditures and olher uses (12.266) (39.007) (7.329) 
Other chang e s In lund balance 
Prior period adjustmen t 
Fund Balance _ beginning 174.275 174.275 174.275 
fund Balanc e - ending 
• 162.009 • 135.268 $ 166.946 
Variance with fina l 
Budget-Positive 
(Negative) 
$ 5.31 4 
(356.209) 
(11.113) 
140.497 
!221.51I) 
287.427 
287.427 
65.916 
(34.238) 
(34.2381 
31.678 
• 31.678 
C-60City of Spokane 
 
Schedules 115 
 
 
  
Schedul e 01 Reve nues , Expenditures, and Changes In Fund Balance 
Budget and Actual 
libr ary Fund 
For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2013 
Original Budget Final Budget Actual 
RESOURCES 
Taxes , , , , , 
licenses and permits 
Intergovernmenta l 
Charges for services 30,000 30,000 24,890 
Fines and forteitures 235,000 235,000 176,109 
Misce llaneous 62,050 62,050 73, 142 
Tolell resource s 327,055 327.055 274, \ 41 
EXPENDITURES 
General government 
Pub lic safety 
UWities env o-onment 
Tronsporlation 
Economic envo-onment 
Men ial and physical health 
Cu lture and recreation 7.652,723 7.852.723 7,775,332 
Capital outlay 925.541 925.541 887.958 
Deb t service: 
Inte rest 
Total e~pe n d1tures 8,578.264 8.778.26~ 8,663.290 
E~ceS5 resources over expe nditure s (8.251.209) 18.451.209) 18,389.149) 
OTHER FINANCI NG SOURCES (USES) 
Sale of capHal assets 
Collection 01 revolving loons 
Transfers in 7.923.397 7.923.397 7.923.397 
Tronsfers oul (11.590) (11.590) (11.590) 
Tolat other IInoncing sources (uses) 7.911.807 7.911.807 7.911.807 
Exce ss (deficie ncy) of revenues and oIher source s 
over (under) e~pendllu r es and other uses (339.~02) [539.402) (477.342) 
Othe r chang e s In tund balanc e 
Prior period adjus tment 
Fund Iklla nce • beginning 943,145 943. 145 943.145 
Fund Bala nce · ending 
• 
603,743 
• 
403.743 
• 
465.803 
Variance with Final 
Budget · Posltlve 
(Negative) 
• ''I 
(S,ll0) 
[58,8911 
11.092 
[52,914) 
77.391 
37.583 
114.974 
62.060 
62.060 
, 62.060 
City of Spokane 
 
116 Schedules 
 
 
  
Schedule of Revenues, Expendlture5, and Chang es In Fund Balance 
Budget and Actual 
Under Freeway Parking Fund 
For the F isca l Year Ended December 31, 2013 
Ollglnal Budget final Budge t Ac tual 
RESOURCES 
Taxes 
• • • Licenses and permits 
Intergovernmental 
Charges lor servk:es 
Rnes and forfe il ures 
Miscellaneous 123,000 123.000 149.722 
Total resource s 123.000 123.000 149.722 
EXPENDITURES 
Genera l government 
Public sofety 
Utilities environment 
Transportat ion 127. \70 185,441 111.107 
Economic environmenl 
'" Mental and physical heollh 
Culture ond recreotion 
Capitol outlay 100.000 162.911 62.910 
Debt service: 
Inlerest 
Total expenditures 227.170 348.352 174.538 
E~cess resourc e s aver e~pendllure s (104.170) (225.352) (24.816 1 
OTHER F INANCING SOURCES (USES) 
Sale of capilol assets 
Co llect ion of revolv ing loom 
Tronsters in 
Transfers ou l 
Tatal other fln(ln clng sauree s (ures) 
E~c e ss (dellcle ncy) of revenues and a thef saurce s 
OVef (undef ) e ~pendltures and other uses (104,170) (225.352) (24.816) 
other cha nges In lund balance 
Prior period adjustment 
Fund Balanc e - beginning 524.754 524.754 524.754 
Fund Baianee - ending 
• 
420.584 
• 
299.402 
• 
499,938 
Vadance with fina l 
Budgel·Posltlve 
(Negative) 
• 
26.722 
26,722 
74.33-4 
(521) 
100,001 
173.814 
=,536 
200.536 
• 200.536 
C-61City of Spokane 
 
Schedules 117 
 
 
  
Schedule of Revenues , Expenditure s, and Changes In Fund Balance 
Budget and Actua l 
Parkin g Facilities Fund 
Far the FIscal Year Ended December 31, 2013 
Origina l Budget final Budget Ac lual 
RESOURCES 
Ta~es $ $ $ 
Ucens~ and permits 
Intergollernmental 
Charges lor services 
Fines and lorieilures 
Mi:;celloneous 
Total resourc e s 
EXPENDITURES 
General gOllernment 
Public solety 
Utilities enll r onmenl 
Transportolion 
Economic environment 
Mental and physical health 
Culture and recreoHon 
Capitaloul lay 
Deb T service : 
Int6(esl 
Total expendllu res 
Excess reSOUfces oll er expenditur es 
OTHER FINANCING SOURCES (USES) 
Sale 01 capitol ossels 
Collection 01 revoilling loons 
Transfers in 
Translers out 
Talal other financing sourc es (u ses) 
Excess (deficien cy) of revenue s and oth er source s 
over (under) expenditure s and alher uses 
Other change s In fund balance 
Prior period adjustment 
fund Balance - beginning 390 390 
fund Balon ce _ ending $ 390 $ 390 $ 
Varian ce with final 
Budget -Positive 
(Negot hre) 
$ 
390 
390 $ 
City of Spokane 
 
118 Schedules 
 
 
  
Schedule of R evenues , Expenditures, and Changes In Fund Balance 
Budget and Actual 
Municipal Art Project Fund 
For the Fiscal Year Ended Dec ember 31,2013 
o.lglnal Budget final Budget Actual 
RESOURCES 
Taxes , , $ 
Licenses and permits 
Intergovernmental 
Chorges fOf services 
Rnes and forfeitures 
Miscelloneous 
Totcll resources 
EXPENDtTURES 
General government 
Public sofety 
Utilities envi"onment 
Transportation 
Economic environment 
M ental and physical health 
Cullure and recrea tion 
Capitol outlay 
Debt service: 
Interest 
Totot expenditure s 
Excen resourc es O\Ier expenditures 
OTHER FINANCING SOURCES (USES) 
SOle of capital assets 
Collection of revolving loons 
Transfers in 
Transfers out 
Total other tJnanClng source s (uses) 
Excen (detlclency) 01 revenues and other sourc es 
over (und er) expenditu res and other uses 
Other changes In fund balanc e 
Prior period adjustment 
Fund Balance· beginning 5A07 5,407 
Fund Balance· ending 
• 5A07 , 5,407 , 
Variance with Final 
Budget·Posltlv e 
(Negativ e) 
, 
5.407 
5.407 , 
C-62City of Spokane 
 
Schedules 119 
 
 
  
Schedu le 01 Reve nues, Expendllures , ond Changes In Fund Bolance 
Budgel and Aclual 
Capllal lmprovemenl Prog ram Fund 
For Ihe Flsc ol Year Ended December 31 , 2013 
Orlgl nal Budget Final Budget Aelua l 
RESOURCES 
Taxes , , , 
Licenms and permits 
IntergQvernmental 
Charges tor services 
Fines and forteitures 
Misce llaneaus 350.000 Pi!! 
Total resourc e s 350,000 (111 ) 
EXPENDITURES 
General government 93 
Public safety 
UIWlies environment 
Tronsporlatlon 
Economic env O'onment 
Mental and physical health 
Cultu re and rec reation 
Capital aullay 750.000 810.910 728.156 
Debt service: 
Inleresl 
Total expe nditures 750.000 810,910 728.2 49 
Excess re$Curces over expenditu res 1400,000) (810,910) 1728.360 ) 
OTHER FINANCING SOURCES (USES) 
Sale of capi tal ossels 
Collection of revolving loans 
Transfers in 400.000 750.000 750.000 
Transfers auf 
Total other finan cing sources (u$Cs) 400,000 750.000 750.000 
Excess (dellclency) of revenu es and othe r $Curces 
over (und er) e xpenditures and other uses (60.9 10) 21.640 
other c hanges In fund balance 
Prior period adjustmen t 
Fund Balan ce· beginning 41.711 41.711 41.711 
Fund Bala nce· ending , 41.711 , 119.199! • 
63,351 
Valla nee with Final 
Budget.Pa tJllve 
(NegQllve) 
, 
(111) 
(111) 
(93) 
82,754 
82.661 
82.550 
82.550 
• 82.550 
City of Spokane 
 
120 Schedules 
 
 
  
Schedu le of Revenues , Expendllures , ond Changes In Fund Balance 
Budget and Actual 
Hope Acq uisit ion Fund 
For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2013 
Origina l Budg et final Budget Actual 
RESOURCES 
Taxes , , • Licenses and permits 
Inte rgovernmenta l 
Chorges lor services 
Rnes and loo1eilures 
Miscellaneous SO, 
Total resourc es SO, 
EXPENDITURES 
General gover nment 
Public solely 
U~ li t i es environment 
Transportalion 
Economic environmen l 20.000 20.000 16.542 
Menta l and physlcol heolth 
Culture and recrealion 
Capitaloullay 100.000 100.000 9,848 
Debt service: 
Interest 
10tgl expenditure s 120JX(1 120.000 26.390 
Exceu re s ou.ce s over expe nditur es (120.0001 1'20.0001 !25.851! 
OTHER FINANC ING SOURCES (USES) 
Sale 01 capitol ossets 
Co llection of revolving loons 
Transters in 
Transfers 01,11 
Tolal olher financing sources (uses) 
Exceu (denclen c y) 01 revenues and al har sou.ce s 
over (unde.) expendllu.es and olhe. uses (120.000) (120.000) (25.851) 
other c hanges In lund balanc e 
Prior period adjustment 
Fund Balance· beginning 
'" '" 
471.141 471.141 
Fund Balance· ending 
• 
35L1 41 , 351.141 • 445.290 
Variance with Final 
Budget·Posltlve 
(Negative) 
, 
'" 
SO, 
3.458 
90,152 
93,610 
94,149 
94,149 
• 
94,149 
C-63City of Spokane 
 
Schedules 121 
 
 
  
Schedule of Revenues, Expenditures, and Changes In Fund Balance 
Budget and Actual 
Hauslng Trust Grant Fund 
Forthe Fiscal Year Ended December 31,20 13 
Orlginailludgel finoilludgel Ac:lual 
RESOURCES 
Ta)(es , , , 
licenses and permits 
Intergovernmental 
Charg es for rervices 
fines and forfeitures 
M isce llaneous (119) 
Tolal resourc:e. (119) 
EXPENOITURES 
General government 
Public $Of e ly 
Utilities environment 
Transportation 
Economic environmen t '.000 '.000 
Me ntal and physical health 
Cullure and rec reation 
COpitaloulloy 
Debt service: 
Interest 
Total expendltUfe s '.000 '.000 
Excen resou rce s over e)(penditu re. (5.000) (5.000) {1191 
OTHER FINANCING SOURCES (USES) 
Sale of cop tal assels 
Collection 01 revolving loons 
Transfers in 
Tronsfers ou l 
Toiol oIherlinanclng sources (use s) 
Excess (dellclency) 01 .evenues and other sources 
over (under, expenditures and other use s (5.000) (5.000) (\ 19) 
Other changes In tund bolance 
P~Of period adjustmen t 
Fund Ilolance - beginning 217.532 217.532 217.532 
Fund Ilah:mc:e _ ending , 212.532 , 212.532 • 217.413 
Varlanc:e wllh Final 
lludgel·Posltlve 
(Negallve) 
, 
(119) 
(119) 
'.000 
'.000 
4.881 
4.881 
, 4.881 
City of Spokane 
 
122 Schedules 
 
 
  
Sched ule of Revenue s, Expenditures , and Changes in Fund Balan ce 
Budget and Actua l 
JTPA Private Indu stry Cou ncil Fund 
For the Fisc al Year Ended Dec e mber 31, 2013 
Original Budg et Final Budget Ac tual 
RESOURCES 
Taxes $ $ $ 
licenses and parmils 
Intergovernmental 
Charges lor services 
Fines ond forfeilures 
Misce llaneous 
Total resour ces 
EXPENDITURES 
General government 
Public solet y 
Utilities environment 
Transportation 
Economic environment 
Mental and physica l health 
Cullure and recreation 
Capito l outlay 
Debl service: 
Interest 
T otal expe ndi ture s 
Excess resources Over expenditures 
OTHER fiNAN CI NG SOURCES (USES) 
Sale or capitol assels 
Collec tion 01 revolving loons 
Transfers in 
Transfers oul 
Total other IInonclng SOurCeS (uses) 
Excen (de fic iency) of revenues and a thel' sources 
over (under) expenditures and other uses 
Other changes In lund balan c e 
Prior period adjus tment 
Fund Balance· begi nning 11 .275 11.275 
Fund Balanc e· ending ! 11 .275 ! 11.275 ! 
Variance wHh Final 
Budget . Pasltlve 
(Negativ e) 
, 
'" '" 
'" '" 
'" '" 
'" '" !I.016! p.016! 
VO! 1701 
1501 1501 
11.275 
11.225 $ !SO! 
C-64City of Spokane 
 
Schedules 123 
 
 
  
Schedule 01 Revenues, Expenditures, and Cha nges In Fund Balance 
Budget and Actual 
Cumulat iv e Reserve Fund 
For the Fiscal Year Ended Dec embe r 31, 2013 
Original Budget final Budgel Aelual 
RESOURCES 
Taxes , • , 
Licenses and perrnh 
Iniaroov .... nmanioi 
Charges lor s9fVices 
Fines and forfeitures 
Mtscelloneou$ 
Tolol resources 
EXPENDITURES 
Genefal government 
Public solety 
Utilities environment 
Transportation 
Economic environment 
Mental and physica l health 
Culture and recreation 
Capitol outlay 
Debt service: 
Interest 
Toiol expendHurlH 
hcess resou.ces over expendH ures 
OTHER fiNANCING SOURCES (USES) 
Sale of capitol assets 
Collection of revolving loons 
Transfers In 
Transfers out 
Tolal other IInanclng SOurCeS (uses) 
Exce 5S (dellclency) of revenues and olher sources 
over (under) expenditure s and other uses 
Other changes In lund bolanc e 
Prior period adjustmen t 
fund Balanc e _ beginning 22.569 22.569 22.S69 
fu nd Balanc e · endi ng , 22.569 , 22.569 
• 
22,569 
Vo.lone e wHh fina l 
Budgel -Poslllv e 
(Negollve) 
, 
• 
City of Spokane 
 
124 Schedules 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
This page intentionally left blank. 
 
 
  
C-65City of Spokane 
 
Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 125 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Combining and Individual Fund Financial 
Statements 
  
City of Spokane 
 
126 Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
This page intentionally left blank. 
 
 
  
C-66City of Spokane 
 
Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 127 
 
 
 
Nonmajor 
Governmental Funds 
 
 
The Nonmajor Governmental Funds fall into one of the three categories as described below. 
 
Special Revenue Funds 
 
Special Revenue Funds account for the proceeds of specific revenue sources (other than trusts for 
individuals, private organizations, other governments, or for major capital projects) that are 
restricted or committed to expenditures for specified purposes. 
 
Debt Service Funds 
 
Debt Service Funds account for the accumulation of resources that are restricted or committed to 
expenditures for, and the payment of, principal and interest on the City’s bonds issued in support 
of governmental activities. 
 
Capital Projects Funds 
 
Capital Projects Funds account for financial re sources that are restricted or committed to 
expenditures for the acquisition, construction, or improvement of City facilities and road 
infrastructure. 
 
 
 
  
City of Spokane 
 
128 Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 
 
 
  
Combining Balance Sheet 
Nonmajor Gove rnmental Funds 
December 31, 201 3 
Special Revenue Funds Debl Service Fund, Capitall'foJecls funds Total Governmental 
funds 
ASSETS 
Cosh and cosh eql.ivolenl~ I 15.757.396 I 1.935.327 I 1.341.617 S 19.034.340 
Deposits with flScat agents/trvstees 36.228 38,228 
EqlJity in pooled investments 16.918.944 3.753.550 24.175.682 44.848,m 
Taxes receivable 2.862.441 683.71 9 217.251 3.763.411 
Special assessment receivob'e 3.059.371 3,059,371 
Accounts receivable U7,790 811.716 1 ,479,506 
Interest receivable 6.733 3.237 16.985 26,955 
Due from other funds 2.260.243 255.025 2,515,268 
Intertund loon receivable 196,245 43.5-41 279,777 519,563 
Due trorn other governments 2.987,578 L911,821 4,899,399 
Advances to other funds 972,344 215.732 1.386.214 2,574,290 
Inventories 1.194.392 1 ,194,392 
Notes/contract receivable (ror. currentl 36,.(3.4,621 38,434,621 
Total Anels 82.296,955 9.694.477 30.396.088 122,387,520 
LIABILITIES AND fUND BALANCE 
lIobllHles: 
Accounts/vouchers payable 3.478.282 2,186.026 5,664,308 
Due to olher funds 1.617.285 257A17 U74,702 
Due to other governments 44.029 (101 44,019 
R evenues collected in advance 71 ,476 71 ,476 
Interlund loan payable 
Other accrued i obi~fies 764,lZ! 764,122 
Other current klbilifies 729.863 633 1.717,519 2,448.015 
Deferred inflow of reSOI)fces 659.774 3,578.723 6.114 4.244.611 
TotolllobllHles 7,36-4,831 3,579.356 4,167,066 15,11 1,253 
fund Balance 
Nonspendable 2,362.981 259.273 1,665,991 4,288,245 
Restricted for: 
Capital projects 5,910.872 20.297.247 26,208,119 
Debt service 5.855.848 5,855.848 
Grants/other 40,828,651 40,828,651 
Police and firefighters' pensions 403A98 403A98 
Othef 57.419 57,419 
Committed 16,205,661 16,205,661 
Assigned 9,163,042 4.265,784 13,428,826 
UnaSSigned 
Total Fund Balance I 74,932.124 I 6,115,121 I 26,m,em S 107,276,267 
C-67City of Spokane 
 
Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 129 
 
 
  
Comblnlng Statement 01 Revenues, expenditures, and Cilanges In Fund aolance 
Nonmojof Govefnmentol Funds 
For tile Fiscal Year Ended Decembel31, 2013 
Special Revenue funds Deb! Se!vlce fundI Copfol I'IoitCts fundi 
REVENuES 
,~. , 26,56a.7~ , 13~6.a26 , 100,885 
licensel and permils 502'" 
'"" Inlergovemmenlol 25.102.0-11 545..5~ 6.491,1152 
Charges 10( services 10,827.87( m.~78 
Rnes and lorfeih."es 1.980.779 
Miscellaneous 1169.~25 1!XJ7,7r:ti 240..592 
Interest income 115.:396 37.()90 245.7t 1 
Net increase ldecreasej in fair value ot investments 
Iolot Revenuel 
EXPEHOITUUS 
Current 
Generalgovernmenf 8.707.691 5.(l67 ." 
Pubic safety 21.545,63:} 299.:m 
Utities envJonment 
Trcrnsporfotion 19.146.324 1.3':17,187 
Econorric envi'onmenl 16.356,955 
Mental and plWsicol health 
Culture and recreation 14.979.271 
Copllol out\oy1 6.075.051 18.973.871 
Debt service: 
I'rincipol 10.925.1XXl N071 
Inlerest 
Toiol fJcpendHures 
Excess 01 Revenuel Over{Under) ExpendHurel 118.73.4.929) 13)83.732) 1l3.M5.770) 
OIHU fiNANCING SOURCES (USES) 
Sole of cap;1oI assetl 007.992 1.633.346 
long lerm debt issued 
Collection 01 revolWlg toons 
Translen in 27.916.903 5.211.346 
Trenders ovl 
Total otller financing Sources (U_) 
Excen (deficiency) 01 revenlJl!i ond Oihl!l' SOI.lCel 
O'/e< (under) expenditures and oilier u_ (.m~9( 202695 11 •. 899.298) 
other Changes In fund Bolar.ce 
Prior Period AdiJstment sn.r:ti5 
fund Bolonee· begW1nlng (restated) 70.132.535 5.912.426 (\,I2a320 
fund Bolonee · ending , 7 •. 932.12~ , 6.115c 121 26,229.022 
, .. 
, 40,016.459 
504.28.4 
32.13'.492 
11 ,121.352 
1,980,779 
4.417.726 
368.197 
8.713.465 
21,8.45,026 
20,453.511 
16,356,955 
14,979,271 
25,048.922 
lU34.m 
(36,164.431) 
2.W.338 
33.128.249 
(lM74.10t) 
577,095 
117,173.281 
, 101.276.267 
City of Spokane 
 
130 Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
This page intentionally left blank. 
 
  
C-68City of Spokane 
 
Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 131 
 
Nonmajor 
Special Revenue Funds 
 
Special Revenue Funds account for the proceeds of specific revenue sources (other than trusts for 
individuals, private organizations, other governments, or for major capital projects) that are 
restricted or committed to expenditures for specified purposes.  Nonmajor Special Revenue Funds 
are described below: 
 
Street Fund 
The Street Fund is responsible for the maintenance of all City streets and bridges.  Also, 
construction activities for City streets are coordinated through this fund. 
 
Pension Contributions Fund 
The Pension Contributions Fund is used to account for amounts levied and dedicated for police 
and fire pensions pursuant to RCW 41.16.050 and RCW 41.20.130.  These accumulated funds 
are remitted to the respective pension trust funds. 
 
Miscellaneous Grants Fund 
The Miscellaneous Grants Fund accounts for all federal, state, and local grants, which should be 
accounted for outside the general fund, and for which no other fund exists. 
 
Traffic Calming Measures Fund 
The Traffic Calming Measures Fund accounts for amounts received from traffic safety camera 
infractions.  The revenue from these violations is restricted for the purpose of traffic calming 
projects. 
 
Parks Fund 
The Park and Recreation Department of the Park Fund provides for leisure time activities through 
Park facilities.  The departme nt is also responsible for the acquisition, development, and 
maintenance of all park and recreation facilities within the City.  It also includes monies received to 
be used for capital expenditures of the Park Department, as well as the activity of urban forestry, 
which enhances the street trees and the urban forest; public education; and planting, maintenance, 
protection, inspection and removal of public trees. 
 
Included within the Parks Fund is the urban forestry fund, which accounts for monies related to the 
enhancement of the street trees and urban forest, including planting, maintenance, protection, 
inspection, and removal of public trees based on the criteria established by the National Arbor Day 
Foundation in order to maintain Tree City, USA status. 
 
The Cumulative Reserve Fund is also included, which is used to account for monies earmarked for 
specific purposes consistent with the objectives of the Parks Fund. 
 
Parking Meter Revenue Fund 
The Parking Meter Revenue Fund accounts for parking meter revenues to provide for maintenance 
of public streets and roadways within the City and to loan to the public development authority’s 
City of Spokane 
 
132 Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 
 
ground lease account and its operating and maintenance account with respect to the River Park 
Square parking garage, as provided in Ordinance No. C-31823. 
 
CBD Tree Maintenance Fund 
The CBD Tree Maintenance Fund accounts for monies received for the purpose of maintaining the 
street trees in the Central Business District. 
 
Paths & Trails Reserve Fund 
The Paths and Trails Reserve Fund receives m onies from the Road and Street Fuel Tax in 
accordance with RCW, Chapter 47.30. 
 
Law Enforcement Information Systems Fund 
The Law Enforcement Information Systems Fund accounts for monies to be used for the operation 
of the City/County computer-aided dispatch, jail, and records management system. 
 
Real Estate Rental Fund 
The Real Estate Rental Fund accounts for monies received from and the maintenance of rental 
properties held for future infrastructure development. 
 
Local Law Enforcement Block Grant Fund 
The Local Law Enforcement Block Grant Fund accounts for federal and state block grant monies 
related to law enforcement. 
 
Human Services Grants Fund 
The Human Services Grants Fund is used to account for Federal, State, or local human services 
grant funds not accounted for in another fund. 
 
Forfeitures and Contributions Fund 
The Forfeitures and Contributions Fund accounts for revenue received from forfeitures of proceeds 
and instrumentalities of illegal drug activities, revenues from joint operations with other agencies, 
donations to particular programs and incidental sa les of promotions items.  Unobligated net 
proceeds shall be used exclusively for the expansion and improvement of controlled substances 
related law enforcement activity.  
 
Intermodal Facility Operation Fund 
The Intermodal Facility Operation Fund accounts for monies received from lease agreements or 
other sources to be used for maintenance and operation expenses of the intermodal facility. 
 
Hotel/Motel Tax Fund 
The Hotel/Motel Tax Fund accounts for monies received from the Transient Accommodations Tax 
that is subsequently transferred to debt service and operating funds. 
 
Real Estate Excise Tax Fund 
The Real Estate Excise Tax Fund accounts for excise tax proceeds used for financing capital 
projects specified in a capital facilities plan element of a comprehensive plan developed under the 
Growth Management Act.  
 
  
C-69City of Spokane 
 
Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 133 
 
Public Safety and Judicial Grants Fund 
The Public Safety and Judicial Grants Fund accounts for monies received from federal, state, and 
local grants related to public safety and law enforcement. 
 
Combined Communications Center 
The Combined Communications Center fund accounts for revenues and expenditures for the fire 
service communications and dispatch centers operated by the City Fire Department pursuant to 
interlocal cooperation agreement between the City of Spokane and Fire Protection Districts 1,8, and 
9 of Spokane County. 
 
Communications Building Maintenance & Operations Fund 
The Communications Building Maintenance and Operations Fund accounts for funds to be used for 
the administration, maintenance and operation of the City’s communications building. This building 
is jointly used by the City of Spokane and Spokane County in accordance with an interlocal 
agreement. 
 
Community Development Fund 
The Community Development Fund accounts for the execution of the Community Block Grant as 
specified by Title 1 of the Housing and Community Development Grant of 1974. 
 
Miscellaneous Community Development Grants Fund 
The Miscellaneous Community Development Grants Fund accounts for grant monies received that 
are not accounted for in another fund. 
 
HOME Program Grant Fund 
The HOME Program Grant Fund accounts for moni es received from the U.S. Department of 
Housing and Urban Development HOME Grant program. 
 
Housing Assistance Program Fund 
The Housing Assistance Program Fund accounts for monies received from the State of Washington 
Department of Community Development to be used for the rehabilitation of low-income owner occupied 
homes. 
 
CD Home Rehabilitation Fund 
The CD Home Rehabilitation Fund accounts for moni es received from Community Development 
Grant funds to be used for projects authorized under the home rehabilitation program. 
 
Rental Rehabilitation Fund 
The Rental Rehabilitation Fund accounts for all monies received by the City from HUD under the 
Rental Rehabilitation Grant Program. 
 
UDAG Escrow Fund 
The UDAG Escrow Fund accounts for loan repayments received by the City under the HUD Action 
Grant Program. 
 
Workforce Development Council Funds 
The Workforce Development Council Funds account for monies received from the Federal 
government to be used for job training under the Workforce Investment Act (WIA).  The funds 
consist of: 
City of Spokane 
 
134 Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 
 
 
WIA Adult Programs Fund 
WIA Youth Programs Fund 
WIA Dislocated Worker Fund 
WIA Governor’s Grant Fund 
WIA Administrative Cost Pool Fund 
WIA Special Projects Fund 
 
Emergency Shelter Fund 
The Emergency Shelter Fund accounts for all monies received by the City from the United States 
Department of Housing and Urban Development under the Emergency Shelter Grant Program. 
 
Trial Court Improvement Fund 
The Trial Court Improvement Fund accounts for moni es received from the State to be used for 
municipal court staffing, programs, facilities and services as appropriated by the City Council. 
 
Criminal Justice Assistance Fund 
The Criminal Justice Assistance Fund accounts for monies received from the State to be used for 
criminal justice purposes. 
 
Housing Stabilization Program Fund 
The Housing Stabilization Program Fund accounts for loans and loan guarantees as prescribed in 
the program administered by the City Community Development department. 
 
Cable TV Equipment Reserve Fund 
The Cable TV Equipment Reserve Fund accounts for monies received from TCI Communications 
and other sources to be used for the purchase of equipment for various City cable television 
projects. 
 
Emergency Medical Services Fund 
The Emergency Medical Services (EMS) Fund accounts for monies used by rapid response units 
dealing with medical emergencies and providing advanced and basic life support functions. 
 
Defined Contribution Administrative Fund 
The Defined Contribution Administration Fund accounts for the receipt of revenues and for the 
payment of expenditures related to the 457 Plan. 
  
C-70City of Spokane 
 
Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 135 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
This page intentionally left blank. 
 
 
 
  
City of Spokane 
 
136 Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 
 
 
 
  
Combining Balance Sheet 
Non Major Special Revenue Funds 
December 31. 2013 
cootinued 
l'''' 
Pen~lon 
Mise Grant Traffic Calming Pork Parking Meter 
Conlrlbv!lon~ Measures 
ASSETS 
Ca>h and ca>h equivalents I 1.865.986 I 384.659 I 88.173 I 1.538,905 I 666.854 I 253.992 
Deposib with fiscal agents/trustees 14,294 
Equity in pooled investments 1.183.):;11 4.471.44t 358.578 
Taxes receivable 604.258 243.720 
Accounts receivable 27.900 264.781 112,314 )87) 
Interest receivable 382 1.637 173 
Due from other funds 1.414.614 10 21.758 357 
Inlerfund loon receivable 13.761 51.940 4.101 
Due from other governmenb 15.692 
Advances to other funds 68.184 257.347 20.318 
Inventories 1.039.355 155.037 
Nates/controct recer,.oble (non current) 
Total Assets 6.217.741 628.379 103.865 1,817.990 5.738.328 637.432 
LIABIlITIES AND NET posmON 
liabllnles: 
ACCOunh/vouchers payable 448.224 61.561 384.152 18.922 
Due to other funds 568.140 93.246 32.534 22.880 20.175 
Due to other government; 26.639 
Revenues collected in advance 71.476 
Interfund loon payable 
Other accrued hobiUies 201.013 191.231 20.273 
Other current iobinties 150 68,171 225 
Deferred inflow of resources 198,242 10,619 
TotalliabiJitles 1.217.527 224.881 103.865 94,095 737,910 59,595 
fund BaklOce: 
Nonspendable 1.121.300 464,324 24.419 
Restricted for: 
Inventories 
Capitol projects 
Ponce and firefightet$' pensiOm 403.498 
Grants 
Debt service 
Criminal justice 
Emergency medical services 
Other 
Committed 1.605.093 3,518.600 143.311 
Assigned 3.878.914 118,802 1.017.494 410.107 
Totol fund Balonce I 5,00:>,214 I 403.498 I I 1.723.895 I 5.00:>.418 I 577.837 
C-71City of Spokane 
 
Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 137 
 
 
 
  
Combining Balance Sheet 
Non Majo r Special Revenue Funds 
December 31, 2013 
confinued 
Law Enforcement Reat Estate law Entorcement Humon Services ForteHures , 
Paths' Tralls tnformotlon 
Systems Rentat Block Grant Grants Contributions 
AlSfTS 
Cosh and caih equi~a l ents I 201,613 , 212,505 , 112.225 , 4.400 I 873,252 I 409.530 
De~ts with fi<eol "'oantl/trllstees 
Equity in pooled in~eilment; 49.258 448,097 392.576 
Toxes receivable 2.~49 45.571 1.764 
Acc:>unts receivable 72.238 2<, lSI 
Interesl reCeivable 355 136 
Due from other lunds , 1.433 23,301 24.782 
Intertund kxm receivable ", 5,202 '.558 
Due from other governments 116.814 1.019,574 
Advmx:es 10 other lurid; 2,286 25.777 22.583 
Inventories 
NoteS/contract receivable Inon current) 
Total Assets 204.064 402.990 112.467 56.397 2.441.129 855.929 
liABILITIES AND NET POSITION 
l lablmles: 
Accounts/vouchers payable , 25.351 10.951 949.512 65.875 
Due to other tundS 5 89.21 5 
Due to other governments 
Revenues collected in advance 
Interturld loon payable 
Olher occrued liabilities 31.862 3,913 
Other current Iiobiijtle; .. 4.214 736 12.743 
Deferred inflOW of resources 
10lal llabilities , 57,262 4.214 14,$64 1.039.473 78.61 8 
Fund Balance: 
Nonspendable 2.747 :>iJ.979 27.141 
Restricted for: 
Inventories 
Capilal projects 204.D62 
Police and f{e"ghters' pensions 
Granh 38.786 
Debt service 
Criminal justice 
Emergency medical $€'\ViCes 
Olher 
Committed 118.253 616.773 
Assigned 345.728 1,370.677 133,397 
Total Fund Balance , 204,062 , 345.728 , 118.253 I 4\.533 I \.4()L656 , 777.311 
City of Spokane 
 
138 Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 
 
 
 
  
Combin ing Balance Sheet 
Nan Majo r Spec::ial Revenue funds 
Dec::ember 31, 2013 
c::onMued 
Intennodol Holei/Motel Reol Estote PublIc Sotety & Combined Communlcotlons Focility Communlcotions 
Opercrtion Lodging Tox Excise Tox Judiciol Gronts Center Building M&O 
ASSETS 
Cosh and cosh eqlivo lents 
• 
38.361 
• 
326.451 S 6.554.042 • 66.181 
• 
182.063 
• Deposits with liscOI ogenll/lnJste€'$ 1.346 
Equity in pooled investmenls 1.546 
" 
4.212.822 m.W7 
Taxes receivable 371.571 106.396 
Accounts receivable 50.394 84.319 
Inlerest receiVable 1 1.:I0Il 85 
Due from other funds 2 3 39.775 168 • 
Interfund loon receivable 18 48.907 2.789 
Due from other governmenll 40.610 
Advanc;:es 10 olher fundS 88 2 242.321 13.817 
Inventories 
Notes/contract receivable Inon current) 
T 0101 Alleis 41.362 698.022 6.660.441 196.996 4.771.908 256.692 
LIABILITIES AND NET POSITION 
Ucbllities: 
Accounts/vouchers payable 33 638.522 277 11.672 28AI7 16,369 
Due 10 other fundS 14.213 168.830 
'" Due to other governments 17.369 
Revenues collected in advance 
Interfund loon payable 
Other accrued labilities 2.734 68.647 
Other current Iiobilihes 2.021 158 3,494 
Deferred inflow of resources 
Toloillobilifies 33 638.523 277 ".009 266.123 20,057 
Fund Bolonce: 
Nonspendoble 106 2 291.228 16.606 
Restricted for: 
Inventories 
Capitol prOjecls 5}06.81O 
Police and fi'efPghlers' pensions 
Grants 148.985 
Debt service 
Criminal justice 
Emergency medical services 
Other 56.099 
Committed 41.223 4.083.322 187.104 
Assigned 2.500 953.354 131.235 32.925 
Toiol Fund Balance S 41.329 S 59.499 
• 
6.660.164 
• 
148.987 
• 
4.505}85 
• 
236.635 
C-72City of Spokane 
 
Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 139 
 
 
 
  
Combining Balance Sheet 
Non Major Special Revenue Funds 
December 31, 2013 
continued 
Community Community Community MI$C Community Community Development / Development Development 
Development Humon services Block Grant Block GIant Development Home Program 
Operations Program Revotving Grants 
ASSETS 
Cosh and cosh equi~o l ents I 5A47 I 4.133 I tOI.920 I 292.787 I 29,380 I 98.674 
Deposits with fi\.col agents/trustees 7.815 4.547 
Equity in pooled investmen15 
To~es r ecei~oble 
Accounts recei~ob1e 
'" 
1.\01 (6t) 
Interest receivable 
Due from other funds 529.258 99.159 9,809 
Interfund loon receivable 
Due from other governments 387.296 112.062 
Ad~ances to other fundS 
InventOries 
Notes/contractreceivoble (non current) 17.821.705 lA05.844 16.310.008 
Total Assets 6.001 533.391 589.476 18.122.246 1.557.095 16.413.309 
LIABILITIES AND NET POSITION 
liabilities: 
Accounts/vouchers payoble 2,W> 58.872 68,601 162 
Due to other lunds 31.935 374.283 104.31 6 74 .345 2.180 
Due to other governments 
Revenues COllected in advance 
Interiund loon payable 
Olher accrued liabi~fies 23.847 
Other currentiabiijfies 3.444 16.493 17.725 
Deferred inflow of resources 
Totoll!oblliUes 3.444 58.391 449.648 190.642 74.345 2.342 
fund Balance: 
Nonspendoble 
Restricted tor: 
Inventories 
Capitol projects 
Police and f,efighters' pensions 
Grants 2.557 475.00J 139.828 17.931.604 1.482.750 16A10.967 
Debt service 
Criminal justice 
Emergency medical services 
Other 
Committed 
Assigned 
Total Fund Bolonce I 2.557 I 475.00J I 139.828 I 17.931.604 I IA82.750 I 16.410.967 
City of Spokane 
 
140 Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 
 
 
  
Combining Balance Sheet 
Non Major Special Revenue funds 
December 31, 2013 
continue<:! 
Housing Ho~ Rentol UOAG WIA Adult WIA Youth 
Asshlonce Rehobllnotlon Rehobllnotlon Progroms i'rogroms 
ASSETS 
Cosh and cosh equivolents , 70,046 , 3.206 , 2<)8.937 , , , 
Deposits with frx:ol ogenh/ truslees 
Equity in pooled investments 41 .878 553.249 804,832 
Toxes rece;voble 
Accounts receivoble 
Interest receivable 32 
'" 
63B 
Due Irom other lunds 
Interlund loon receivable .85 6.423 9.343 
Due from other govemments 154.507 
Advances to other funds 2.404 31.826 46.292 
Inventories 
Notes/controct receivable (non current) 2.311.420 506.373 
Totol Assets 2.580.772 3.206 1.367.247 861.105 
lIABILJnfS AND Nfll'OSJnON 
UobUn!es: 
Accounts/vouchers poyable 
Due to othe( lunds 6.553 
Due to other governmenls 
Revenues collected in advance 
Interlund loon poyable 
Other occrued Iiobiijfies 
Other current Iiobilifies 2.'" 586.917 253 
Deterred inflow 01 resources 
Totot lioblln1es 6.553 2.'" 586.917 253 
Fund 8olonce: 
Nonspendoble 2.889 38.249 55.635 
Restricted for: 
Inventories 
Cap tal projects 
Police cnd Ii'elighters' pensions 
Gronts 2.571.330 3.206 1.326.130 218.553 1253) 
Debt servk:e 
Cnmir.ol justice 
Emergerx:y medicolserYices 
Other 
Committed 
Assigned 
Toto) Fund Bolonce , 2.574.219 I 3.206 , 1.364.379 , 274.188 , I 1253) 
C-73City of Spokane 
 
Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 141 
 
 
  
Combining Balance Sheet 
Non Major Special Revenue Funds 
December 31,2013 
conlioueO 
WIA DIslocated WIA Governor's WIA Admin Cost WIA Special Emergency Triol Court 
WOfker Granl 
''''" 
P rojects SheHef Improvement 
ASSETS 
Cosh and cash equivalents I , 17 I , , , "0 
Deposits with fiscal agenh/frvsfees 
EqlJily in pooled investments 
Taxes receivable 
Accounts receivable 100 
Interest receivable 
Due from other funds 
Inter/und loon receivab1e 
Due from other governments 871 
Advances fo other funds 
Inventories 
Notes/contract receivable lnon current) 
Tolal Assels 17 971 "0 
LIABILITIES AND NET POSITION 
liabilities: 
Accounts{vouchers payab1e 
Due to other funds 971 
Due to other governments 
Revenues collected in advance 
Inter/und Joan payable 
Other accrued liobi~t i es 
Other current Iiobiities 
Deferred inflow Of resources 
Total Liabilities 971 
fund Balance: 
Nonspendoble 
Restricfed for. 
InventorieS 
Capitol projects 
Police and firefighters' pensions 
Grants 17 
Debt service 
Criminal justiCe 
Emergency mediCal serviCes 
Other .2<) 
Committed 
AS~g n ed 
Total fund Balance I , 17 I , I , 42<) 
City of Spokane 
 
142 Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 
 
 
  
Combining Balance Sheet 
Non Major Specia l Revenue Funds 
December 31 , 2013 
concluded 
Criminal Juslice Housing Cable TV Emergency Defined 
Anlstonce Stobllizalion Equipment Contribution Tolol 
Impl"ovement f'togrom ltesefVe Medical SefVices Admin 
ASSETS 
Cosh and cash equivalenls , 731,506 , , 38.520 , 305.494 , lVl 7 S 15.757.396 
Deposils wilh fiscal agents/lfUltees 10.226 38,228 
Equily in pooled inveslmenB 1,247.179 525.141 2.389.015 16,918.944 
Taxes receivable 973537 513,175 2.862,441 
Accaunts receivable 18.640 35.363 667,790 
Interest receivable 989 183 375 6.733 
Due from other funds 6 95.801 2."0.243 
Interfund loon reCeivable 14.477 6.10\ 27.679 196.245 
Due from other governments 1.\ 40.152 2.981,518 
Advances to other funds 7l.7'JJ 30.228 \37.142 972.344 
Inventories 1.194.392 
Notes/conlract receivable lnon currenl) 79.191 38.434,421 
Total ASlel s 4.179.569 79,\91 618.8\9 3.51 4.270 17.718 82,296,955 
lIA81l1TIES AND NET POSITION 
Liobll~lel : 
Accounls/vouche1'S payable 560.626 37.221 90,267 , 3.478.282 
Due to other funds I lI2) 13.280 1.617.285 
Due to olher governments 20 44.029 
Revenues collected in advance 71.476 
Interfund loon payable 
Other accrued Iobiil ies 220.602 764.122 
Other current iobilWes 10.207 729.863 
Deferred intlow 01 resoorces 450.913 65'.174 
To'olllobll~les 560.627 37.221 771,997 13.284 7.364.831 
Fund Balance: 
Nonspendable 86.206 36.3'JJ 164.821 2,362,981 
RestriCIed tor: 
Inventories 
Capitol projects 5,910.872 
PoliCe and f~ef;ghlers' pensiON 403.498 
Giants 79.191 40,828.651 
Debl seNK:e 
Criminal justice 
Emergency medical services 
Other 57.419 
Committed 3.382.550 133.207 2.371.791 4.434 16,205,661 
Assigned 150,186 412.062 205.661 9.163.042 
Toiol Fund Balance , 3.618.942 , 79,191 , 561.598 , 2,742,273 , 4.434 S 74,932,124 
C-74City of Spokane 
 
Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 143 
 
 
  
Combining statement 01 Revenues , Expenditures, and Changes In Fund Balance 
Non Major Specia l Revenue Funds 
for the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2013 
Street Pension Mise Gran! Troftlc Calming 
Contributions MetnureJ 
REVENUES 
Taxes , 1.790.156 , 8.380.004 , , , 
Licenses ond permits 6.847 
Intergovernmental 3. 110.023 91.977 
Chorges for services 2.821.602 
fines ond forfeitures 1.746.183 
Miscelloneous 63.581 1.269 
Inlelest income 22.237 
Net increose Idecreasel in tor value 01 
investments 111.2311 
Total Revenues 7.003.215 8.380.004 93.246 1.746.183 
EXPENDITUUS 
Current: 
Genelol government 8.242.961 
Public salety 1.628.589 851.719 
Transportation 17.839.466 34.573 
Ec0l10mic envi'onrnenl 93.246 
Mentol and physicol heollh 
Culture and recreation 
CapHat ootlays 64.245 269.936 
Debt sefVke: 
Principal 
Intelesl 
Tolal Expendnures 19.532.300 8.242961 93.246 1.156.228 
Excess ot Revenues aVe!" (Under) 
''''' 
J83 
2.357.347 
2777.565 
14.209 
2023.555 
12.404 
142.3721 
7.143.091 
154.799 
39.496 
584.351 
14.979.271 
3.558.251 
19.316.168 
Expend~ures 111.729.0851 137.043 589.955 IIl173.0771 
OTHER FINANCING SOURCES IUSES) 
Sale of capitol ossets 95.668 14.275 
Callectiorl 01 revolWlg oons 
T ransfers in 13.623,604 12.636.517 
Tronsfers oot 1l.464.3921 (166.6481 
Total other finanCing SOurces (Uses) 12.2$4,880 12.484.144 
Change In f und kllance 525.795 137.043 589.955 311.067 
other Chengesln fund Balance 
Prior period odi\!stment 75,868 
fund Bolance· beginning (re$loted) 4.398.551 266.455 0 1.133.940 4.689.351 
fund kllonce· ending , 5.1XX:t214 , 403.498 , , 1.723.895 , 5JXX)A18 
Continued 
Parking Mele!" 
, 
267.665 
2671.172 
(654) 
2903 
13.318) 
2.937.768 
50<,50< 
750.582 
716.915 
1.972001 
965.767 
69O.00l 
(2.279.0851 
(1.589.0771 
(623.310) 
1.201.147 
, 577.837 
City of Spokane 
 
144 Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 
 
 
  
Combining Statement of Revenues, Expenditures. and Changes In Fund Balance 
Non MoJor Special Revenue funds 
for the Fiscal Year Ended December 31. 2013 
low Enforcement Reot Eslote low Enforcement Humon Sefvlces Poths & Trolts tnformotlon Rentot Block Grom Gronls Systems 
REVENUES 
Taxes • , , • • 
Licenses ond pefmits 
Intergovernmentol ls.:m 710.989 31.267 6,498,697 
Chorges fOi services 924}77 929.242 
fines and for1eitlKes 
Miscelloneous 
Interest income .,. 4.328 
Nel increose (decreol8l in fei" volue of 
investments 12551 (4.3391 
Toial Revenues 15.272 1.635,766 31.466 7.427,928 
EXPENDITURES 
Currem: 
Generol govemmenl 1.700 
Pvbic safety 1.660.019 249.786 
TronsporlatKlI"I 8 
Economic envfonmenl 7.210.594 
Menlol ol'ld phY1icol heallh 
Cull1ll8 and recreotion 
COpiloloulloys 24.468 167.220 
Debt 5ertllce: 
Principal 
Inleresl 
Toiol hpendijures 8 1,684,487 1.700 417.006 7.210.594 
Excess 01 Reyenues Over (Under) 
Expendilures 15.264 (48.72\1 (1.7001 (385,50\0] 217.334 
OTHER FINANCING SOURCES (USESI 
Sale 01 capitol OSlelS 
Co/lechon of revolving loon' 
Transfers in 
Transfers oul 
Toiol Other Financing Sources (Usesl 
ClOnge In fulld Balooce 15.264 (48,7211 11.7001 1385.5401 217.334 
Other Chonges In fund Solooce 
Prior period adjustment 206.002 
fund 8010nce· beginnIng (resloledl 188.798 187.647 119.953 427.073 1.184,322 
Fund Bola nee • ending , 204.062 , 345.728 
• 
118,253 
• 41.533 
• 
1.401.656 
Continued 
ForleHllles' 
ContrIbulion! 
, 
225.046 
26,342 
114.847 
114.920 
830 
(3.8291 
478.156 
355.394 
110.421 
465.8IS 
12.341 
238.101 
238.101 
250.442 
526.869 
, 777.311 
C-75City of Spokane 
 
Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 145 
 
 
  
Combining Statement at Revenues. Expenditures. and Changes In fund Balance 
Nan MoJor Special Revenue Funds 
For the Fiscal Yeal Ended December 31. 2013 
Con~nved 
Intennodol Hotel/ Molel Real htote Public Sotely" Combined Communicollon s 
Fociiity Lodging lox Excise Tax Judiciol Gronl~ Communicotlons Building M&O 
Operollon Cenler 
REVENUES 
Toxes 
• I 2.840,166 • 1.681.271 • • 1.155.121 I 
Licenses and permi ls 
Inlergovemmenlol 42 •. 710 1.757.775 150.651 
Charges for services U184 115.270 
Rnes and fooeitures 
Miscellaneovs 410.943 '.m 
Interest income 7.322 m 
Net increase (docreasel in tei' value 01 
investmen ts 139.8181 (2.297) 
Tolal Revenues 410.943 2.840.166 1.681.271 42Ul0 2.881.484 273.394 
EXPENDIlUUS 
CUllen!: 
Genera l government 1.477 
Public satety 330.780 2.768.604 245,171 
Tronsporlo lion 482.199 
Economic envionmenl 2,846.702 
Mental and ph~o l health 
Culture and recreation 
Capltaloullays 121.004 101,748 
Debt service: 
PrillCipol 
Interest 
Tolal Expendnures 482.199 2.646.702 1,477 451.784 2.870.352 245.171 
Excess or Revenues Over (Under) 
ExpendnUfes (71.256) (6.536) 1.679.194 (27.074) 11.132 28.223 
OTHER FINANCING SOURCES (USES) 
Sale 01 capitat msets 
Collect;on 01 revolving loans 
Transfers in 71.369 46.095 
Transfers ou t 1400·00:JI 
TololOlher F lnonclng Sources (Uses) 71.369 1400·00:J) 46.095 
Chang e In fund Baionce 
'" 
16.536) 1.279.794 19.021 11.132 28,m 
other Changes In Fund Baionce 
Prior pe!iod adjuslmenl 75.868 (34.624) 
fund Baionce· beginning (restated) 41.216 ".035 5.304.502 164.590 4.494.653 208.412 
fund Baionce· ending 
• 41.329 I 59.499 
• 
6.660.164 , 148.987 I 4.505.785 , 236.635 
City of Spokane 
 
146 Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 
 
 
  
Combining Statement of Revenues, Expenditures, and Changes In fund Balance 
Non Major Special Revenue Funds 
for the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2013 
Community Community Community Mise Community Community Development I Devetopment Development Development Development Hurnon servlcel Block GIant Slock GIani Gronn Ope<alionl Program Revotvlng 
REVENUES 
Toxes • • • • • Licenses ond permi~ 
1[)lergovemmentOI (2,8171 2.392,275 75}21 661.846 
Chorges for services 
Rnes ond forteihlles 
MiscelioneoJS ".500 290.31 \ 
'" Interest income 
'" 
<I, SOl 
Net increO$li (decreosel in loi' volve 01 
investments 
Toial Reven~es (1,7771 2.429.192 "'.032 662.8\9 
EXPENDITURES 
Currenl: 
General government 
Pubic solet)' 
Transportation 
Economic envronment 12 1.403,522 659,581 693.475 
Mental and physical health 
Culture and reoeotion 
Capitaloullays 755.398 
Debt $(!<Vice: 
Principal 
Interest 
Total Expendlt\rres 12 2.158.920 659.581 693.475 
E~e e l l 01 Revenuel Over (Underl 
E~pendnurer 12.7891 270.272 (293,549) (30.6561 
OTHER flNAMCING SOURCES IUSESI 
Sole 01 copi'ol assets 259.948 
Collection 01 revolving loons 
Tronsters in 475.00J 277,662 94.009 
Tronsfers oul [11.466) (408.106) (360.206) 
Totol Othe< Rnanclng Sources IUlesl 111.466) 475,00:) (130.444) (6.249) 
Chonge In Fund Bolonce (14.2551 475.00:) 139.828 (299.7981 (30,656) 
Other Changes In fund Bolonce 
Prior period adjustment 
fund Balonce . beginning (restated) 16.812 18.231.402 1.513.406 
fund lIolonce . ending 
• 
2.557 • 475.00:) • 139.828 
• 
17.931.604 
• 
1.482.750 
CcnMue<j 
Home Program 
• 
1.547,712 
67.81>2 
U?2 
1.617.366 
345.689 
~5.689 
1.271.677 
1.271.677 
15.139,290 
• 16.410.967 
C-76City of Spokane 
 
Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 147 
 
 
  
Combining Statement ot Revenues. Expenditures. ond Changes In Fund 8alance 
Non MoJar Special Revenue Funds 
For the Fiscal Yeor Ended December 31. 2013 
Housing "O~ Rental UDAG WIAAdull 
Assistaoce Rehabnnotlon Rehobllnallon Progfams 
REVENUES 
Taxes , , , , , 
licenses and permits 
Intergovernmental 1.247.168 612.589 
Charges far service, 
Rnes and forfeitures 
Miscellaneous 
"'"" Interest income 
'" 
9,131 7.746 
Net iocrease (decreasel in feW value of 
irwestmenn 15101 !5·3601 17.658) 
Total Revenue, 1.247.085 ".380 88 612.569 
EXPENDITURES 
Curlent: 
General government 
Public solely 
Transportalion 
Ecooomic envi'onment 7.704 44.744 612.569 
Menlol and physiCal health 
Culture and recrealion 
CopHaloutlays 
Debt service: 
Principal 
Interest 
Tolal ExpendHures >.70' 44.744 612.569 
Excess 01 Revenues Over (Under) 
ExpendHurel 1.239.361 9.636 88 
OTHER fiNANCING SOURCES (USES) 
SOle 01 cOpitol assets 
Collection of re~olving IOClflS 
Transfers in 5'0 
Transfers out IHS.oool 
Total Other Financing Sources (Uses) 1475.0001 5'0 
Change In Fund Balance 1.239,361 1465,3641 88 5'0 
Other Changes In Fund Balance 
Plior period adjustment 
Fund Balance - beginning (restated) 1.334.838 3.206 1.829,743 274.100 (5701 
fund B-olonce · ending , 2,574.219 , 3.206 , 1.364.379 , 274,188 , 
Continued 
WIA Youth 
Programs 
, 
571.809 
571.809 
571.809 
571.809 
". 
'" 
". 
!lSI) 
, !253! 
City of Spokane 
 
148 Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 
 
 
  
Combining Stotement of Revenues, Expenditures, and Changes in Fund Balance 
Non Major Special Revenue Funds 
For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31,2013 
WIA Dlslocaled WIA Governo(s WIA Admn Cosl WIA Speclol Emergency 
Worker Grant ,00< i'fojects SheRer 
UVENUES 
Taxes • • • , • Licenws and perrT'ljls 
Inlergovernmenlal 628.649 357,263 2Ol449 ~9.~77 
Charges for services 
Rnes and forfeitures 
Miscellaneous 15,572 11.774 
Interest income 
Net increase ldeereasel in Iof" value 01 
investments 
Total Revenues 628.649 357.263 218.021 61.251 
EXPENDITURES 
Cunenl: 
General government 
Pubk lofety 
Tronspor1otfon 
Economic envi"onmenf 628.649 157.263 217.414 6\.2S1 
Menial and physiCal heollh 
CultlXe and reoeolion 
Capital outlays 
Debt setvke: 
Principal 
Inlerest 
10101 ExpendnUfes 628,649 357.263 217,4U 61.251 
Excess 01 Revenues OYer (Under) 
Expend~ures 
"" 
OHtER fiNANCING SOURCES (USeS) 
Sole of capitol assets 
Collection of revolving loons 
Transfers in 555 1.016 
Tronsfoo out !2,5691 
Toiol Other financing SOUrCel (Uses) 555 p.5531 
ClIonge In Fund Bolonce 555 (9461 
Other Changes In Fund Balonce 
Prior period adjustment 
fund Bolonce· beginning (restoted) !SS5I 17 ,<6 0 
fund Bolonce· ending , , 17 , , • 
Continued 
Trial Court 
Improvement 
• 
0 <20 
, <20 
C-77City of Spokane 
 
Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 149 
 
 
  
Combining Statement of Revenues, Expenditures, and Changes In Fund Balance 
Non Major Special Revenue Funds 
For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2013 
Criminal Justice Housing Coble TV Emergency Oetlned 
An istonce Stobililotion Equipment Medical Services Contrlbo.rlion 
Progrom ReseNe Admin 
REVENUES 
loxel 
• 
3,426.779 • • , 7,295,251 
• 
Licemes 000 pe<mils 127,389 
Inlergovemmenlol 1.372.938 11.206 
Chorges for services 70,946 489.874 
Fines ond torfe;tures 105,540 
Miscelloneovs 1.128 2,584 70.(0) 
Inlerelt income 11.978 1.280 835 
Nel increase (decrease) in lei' value of 
inveslmenn {I 1,742) 15,105) 122.7171 
Toiol Revenues 4.870.899 124,692 7,882,575 70.(0) 
EXPENDITURES 
Current: 
Genera l govemment 2,315 235.695 68.744 
Pubic solely 4.697,931 330.357 7,922.779 
Tronsportolion 
Economic enwonmenf 18,360 
Mental and physical healfh 
Cullure 000 recreation 
CopHaloo.rllays 185,445 
Deb! seNice: 
Principal 
Inferest 
10101 E~pendjtures 4.700,246 18,360 330,357 8,343,919 68.744 
Excen 01 Revenues Over (Under) 
ExpendHures 170.653 118.360) p05.6(5) (461.344) 1.256 
OTHER FINANCING SOURCES (USES) 
Sale of capitol ossen 
Colleclion 01 revolving loom 
Tronsfers in 
Tronsfers oul 
10101 Other financIng Sources (Uses) 
Chonge In fund Bolonce 170.653 (18,360) (105,665) (461,344) .. '" 
Other ClIongesln Fund Bolance 
Prior period odj~lment 253,181 
fund 8.olance· beginning (restoled) 3,195,108 97.551 687,263 3.203.617 3,178 
fund 8.olance· ending , 3,618,942 
• 
79.191 
• 
581.598 • 2.742.273 • 
4.434 
Concluded 
lotol 
$ 26,566.748 
502.284 
25,102.(1.011 
10,827.87.01 
1.'180,779 
3,169,.25 
85,396 
11 60,551) 
68.075,996 
8,707,691 
21.545.633 
19,146,324 
1'.356 ,955 
14,979,271 
6.075,051 
86.810,925 
(18.734,929) 
607,992 
27.916.903 
(5,567.472) 
22,957.423 
4.222.494 
577.095 
70,132,535 
$ 74.932,124 
City of Spokane 
 
150 Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 
 
 
  
Combining Statement of Revenues, EJl:pendltures, and Changes In Fund Balance 
Budget and Actua l 
Street Fund 
For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2013 
Original Bu<lget final Budget Actual 
RESOURCES 
Taxes , 1,200,000 , 1.200,000 , 1,790,156 
Licenses and permits 3.500 3.500 6.847 
Intergovernmen lal 3.213.000 3.213.000 3.110.023 
Charges lor sefVices 1.96l.25O 1.998.515 2.821.602 
Fines and lorfeitures 
Miscellaneous 136,493 136.493 74.587 
Tolairesource s 6.51-4 .243 6.551.508 7.803,215 
EXPENDITURES 
General governmen l 
Public safety 1.5-40,952 1.6-40.078 1.628.589 
Tromporlation 17.760.178 17.877.810 17.839.-466 
Economic environment 
Menial and physical heollh 
Culture and recrea lion 
Capitoloulloy 87.703 82,553 64.245 
Debt se<vice: 
Princ ipal 
Interest 
Toiol expendllures 19,388.833 19.600.-441 19.532.300 
Exc ess resources over e xpenditures (12,874,590) (13.048.933) (11.729.085) 
OTHER fiNANCING SOURCES (USES) 
Sale 01 capitol assels 95.668 
Co llection of revolving loans 
Transfers in 13,623,604 13.623,604 13.623.60-4 
Transfers out (1 .466,555) (1.466,555) (1.-464.392) 
Totol other financing sources (uses) 12.157.049 12,157.049 12.254.880 
Excess (del1c1encv) of revenue s and other sources 
over (under) expenditures and other uses (717.541) (891.884) 525.795 
Other changes In fund bolance 
Prior period adjustment 75,868 
Fund Balance _ beginning 4.398 .551 4.398.551 4.398.551 
Fund Balance - e nding , 3.681.010 , 3.506,667 , 5,CXXI.214 
Vcnlance with final 
Budget -Positive 
(Negative) 
, 590.156 
3.347 
(102.977) 
823.087 
(61.9061 
1.251.707 
11.-489 
38.3-44 
18.308 
68.141 
l.319.848 
95.668 
2.163 
97.831 
1.417.679 
75.868 
, 1.493,547 
C-78City of Spokane 
 
Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 151 
 
 
  
Combining Statement of Revenues, Expenditures, and Changes In fund Balance 
Budge t and Actua l 
P ensIon Contributions Fund 
for the FIscal Year Ended December 31, 2013 
Original Budget final Budget Actuot 
RESOURCES 
Taxes , 9.241.400 , 9.24 1.400 , 8.380 .004 
Licenses and permits 
Intergovernmental 
Charges for services 
Rnes and for/ellures 
Miscellaneous 
Total resource s 9 .24\.400 9.241.400 8.380.004 
EXPENDtTURES 
Gen8fal government 9.241.400 9.241.400 8.242.96\ 
Public sofety 
Tromportolian 
Economic environment 
Menlo l ond phys ical hea lth 
Cu lture and recreo lion 
Capitol outlay 
Debl service: 
Interest 
Tolol el<pendltures 9.241,400 9.2 41.400 8.242.961 
El<ceu resources over eKpendltures 137.043 
OTHER fiNAN CING SOURCES (USES) 
Sale o f capitol ossets 
Collection of revolving loom 
Tronsfers in 
Tronsfers ou t 
Totat other /!nonclng sources (uses) 
bcess (de/!clency) of revenue s and oth er sourc e s 
over (under) eKpend liures and other uses 137.043 
Other changes In fund balance 
Prior period adjustment 
fund Bolance • beginning 266.455 266.455 266.455 
fund Balance· ending , 266,455 , 266. 455 , 403.498 
Variance with final 
Budget .Posltlve 
(Negative) 
, (861.396) 
1861-396) 
998. 439 
998.439 
137.043 
137.043 
, 137.043 
City of Spokane 
 
152 Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 
 
 
  
Combi nin g Statement of Reve nues. Expenditures . and Changes In fund Balance 
Budget and Actual 
Miscellaneous Grants fund 
forthe fiscal Year Ended December 31.20 13 
Orlglnat Budget final Budget Actuol 
RESOURCES 
Toxes • • • 
Licenses and permits 
Intergovernmenta l 41 0.000 500.000 91.977 
Chorges for services 
Fines and forfeitu res 
Miscellaneous 1.269 
Totol resources 410.000 500.000 93.2 46 
eXPENDITURES 
Genera l government 
Public sofety 
Transporta tion 
Economic environment 410.000 500.000 93.246 
Mental and physical hea lth 
Cull ure and recrea tion 
Capi tol outlay 1.730 
De bt service: 
Interest 
Toiol e)(pendltures 410.000 501.730 93.246 
bceu resources OVef e)(pe ndllures (1.730) 
OTHER f IN ANCING SOURCES (USES) 
Sale of capi tol ossets 
Collection a t revolving loons 
,rons fers in 
Trans fers out 
10101 other nnonclng sources (uses) 
Excess (deficiency) of revenue s and other sources 
OVef (under) e xpenditures and o the< uses (1.73O( 
Other changes In fund bala nce 
Prior period adjustment 
fund Ikllonce _ beginning 
fund Bolonce _ ending • • P.7301 • 
Variance with final 
Budget·Posltlve 
(Negativ e) 
• 
(408.Q23( 
1.269 
(406.754( 
406.754 
1.730 
408.484 
1]30 
1.730 
• 1.730 
C-79City of Spokane 
 
Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 153 
 
 
  
Combining stotement of Revenues, Expenditures , and Changes In Fund Balance 
Budget and Actua l 
Traffic Calming Measures Fund 
For the Flscol Year Ended December 31, 2013 
Original Budget flnol Budget Actuol 
RESOURCES 
Taxes , , , 
Ucenses and permits 
Intergovernmental 
Chorges for services 
Fines and forleitures 1.200.000 1.200.000 1.746.183 
M iscellaneous 
Total resour ces 1.200.000 1.200.000 1.746.183 
EXPENDITURES 
General governmenf 
Pub lic sale ty 900,000 900,000 851.7 19 
Transpor tation 1.221 2·4,221 34.573 
Economic environmen t 
Mental and ph~cal health 
Culture and recreation 
Copital outlay 1.000,000 977.000 269,936 
Debt service: 
Interest 
Total expenditures 1.901,221 1.901.221 1.l56.228 
Excen resources over expenditures (701.2211 (701,221) 589.955 
OTHER fiNANCING SOURCES (USES) 
Sale of copital assets 
Collection of revolving loons 
lransfers in 
Transfers out 
Totol other tlnonc1ng source s (u ses) 
Excess (deficiency) of revenues and other source s 
over (under) expenditure s ond ather uses (701.221) (701.22 1) 589.955 
Other changes In fund bQlanc e 
Prior period adjustment 
fund Balanc e· beginning 1.133.940 133.940 l.l33.940 
Fund Balance - e nding $ 432.719 , 432.719 , 1,723.895 
Vodonce with flnol 
Budget-Po sitive 
(Negotlve) 
, 
546.183 
546.183 
48.28 1 
110.352) 
707.064 
744.993 
1.291.1 76 
1.291.176 
, 1.291.176 
City of Spokane 
 
154 Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 
 
 
  
Combining statement of Revenue s, Expenditures , and Chonges In Fund Balonce 
Budget and Actual 
Park Fund 
For the Fiscal Year Ended Oecember 31, 2013 
Original Budg et final Budget Actual 
RESOURCES 
Taxes , , , 
Licenses and permits 10,700 10.700 383 
Intergovernmental 370.000 2.340.000 2.357.34 7 
Chorges for services 2.786.800 2.773.400 2.777.565 
Fines and forfei tures 18.000 18.000 14.209 
Miscelloneous 2,152.000 2.690.400 1.993.587 
Total resour ces 5,337.500 7.832.500 7.143,09 1 
EXPENDITURES 
General governmen t 138,767 150.467 154.799 
PubliC safety 
Transporta tion 30.000 34.000 39.496 
Economic environmenf 588.478 593.653 58051 
Mental and physica l heolth 
Cullure and recreation 15.294.918 15.654.813 14,979.271 
Capitol oullay 2,036.500 4.705.251 3.558.251 
Deb t service: 
Interest 
Total expe nditure . 18,088.663 21.138,18 4 19.316.168 
Excess resources over elCpendltures 11 2•75 1.163) (13.305.684) (12.173.077) 
OTHER FINANCING SOURCES (USES) 
Sale of capitol assets 14.275 
Collection of revolv ing loom 
T ransfers in 12.652.517 12.656.517 12,636.517 
T ronsfers out (160.053) P 68. 153) (166.648) 
Total olherllncmclng sourc es (u$es) 12.492.464 12,488,36 4 12.484.144 
b ceu (deficiency) of revenues and other ,ources 
over (und er) elCpendliur e, and olher uses (258.699) (817.320) 311.067 
Olher changes In lund balanc e 
Prior period adjustment 
Fund Balanc e - beginning 4,689.351 4.689.351 4,689.351 
fund Balan ce · e nding , 4.430,652 • 3.872.031 , 5,000.418 
Variance with final 
Budget -Positive 
(Negol1ve) 
, 
pO.3 17) 
17.347 
4.165 
(3,791) 
(696,813) 
(689,409) 
(4.332) 
(5.496) 
9.302 
675,5 42 
1.147,000 
1.822.Q16 
1.132.607 
14.275 
(20,000) 
1.505 
(4.220) 
1.128.387 
• 
1.128.387 
C-80City of Spokane 
 
Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 155 
 
 
  
Combining Statement of Revenues, expenditures, and C hanges In Fund Balance 
Budget and Actual 
Parking Meter Revenue Fund 
For the Fisc al Year Ended December 31, 2013 
Original Budget Final 8udget Acluo l 
RESOURCES 
Taxes • • • UCenses and permits 276.000 276,000 267.66S 
Intergovernmenta l 
Charges for services 2.900.000 2,930.000 2,67Ll72 
Fines and Iorleilures 
Miscellaneous 22.000 22.000 (1.069) 
T olo l resources 3,198.000 3,228.000 2.937.768 
EXPENDITURES 
General government 
PubliC safety 505,962 5OS,962 504,504 
Transportat ion 779.926 \.99S.379 750.582 
Economic envi ronment 
Mental and physical heollh 
Cullure and recreation 
Capitol outla y 716.9\5 
Debt seNice: 
Inleres! 
Total expenditu res \.285.888 2.501.341 \.972.001 
Excess resources over expenditures 1.9\2.112 726.659 965,767 
OTHER FINANCING SOURCES ( USES) 
Sale 01 capitol assets 
Callecl;an at revolv ing loons 
Transfers in 690.008 690.008 690.008 
Transfers out (2,279,085) (2.279.085) (2.279.085) 
Tolol other IInonclng sources (uses) (1.589.077) (1.589.077) ( 1.589,077) 
Excess (deficiency) of revenues and ot her sources 
over (un der) expenditu res and olher uses 323.035 (862.418) (623.310) 
Olher chonges In tund balance 
Prior period adjustment 
Fund Botonce • beginning 1.20Ll47 1.201.147 1.201.147 
Fund Bolan ce - en dIng • 
1.524,182 
• 
338.729 , 577.837 
Variance wit h Final 
Budget· Positive 
(Negotlve) 
• (8,335) 
(258.828) 
(23.069) 
(290,232) 
1.458 
1.244.797 
(716,9\5) 
529.340 
239.108 
239.108 
• 
239.108 
City of Spokane 
 
156 Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 
 
 
  
Combi ning Statement of Revenues, Expenditures, and Chang es In Fund Balance 
Budget and Actual 
Path s Trolls Reserve Fund 
For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 20 13 
Original Budget Final Budg et Actuo t 
RESOURCES 
Taxes 
• , , 
Ucenses and permi ts 
Intergovernmental 15,000 15.000 15,272 
Charges for services 
Fines and forfeitures 
Miscel laneous 400.000 400.000 
ToIol re sources 415,000 415.000 15,272 
EXPEN01TURES 
General governmen t 
PubliC safety 
Transportation 8 
Economic environment 
Menta l and physical heallh 
Culture ond recrea tion 
Capitol out lay 20.000 20.000 
Debt service: 
Interest 
Total expenditures 20.000 20.000 8 
Exceu resourc es over expendi tures 395.000 395.000 15,264 
OTHER FINAN CING SOURCES (USES) 
Sale of capitol assets 
Collection o f revolv ing loons 
Transfers in 
Transfers out (11.000! PI.OOO! 
Toiol other Ifnancing sources (uses) (11.000) (11.000) 
Excess (deficiency) 01 revenues and other sources 
over (under) expe nditur es and other uses 384,000 384.000 15,264 
Other chonges In tund bolo nce 
Prior period adjus tment 
fund Balance · beginning 188,798 188.798 188.798 
fund BOlance • ending 
• 
572.798 , 572.798 , 204,062 
Vo,lance with Final 
Budget -Posilive 
(Negotlve) 
, 
'" 
14OO,000! 
(399.728) 
,8, 
20000 
19.992 
(379.736) 
11.000 
11.000 
(369.736) 
• 1369,7361 
C-81City of Spokane 
 
Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 157 
 
 
  
Combining statement 01 Rev enues, expenditures, and Changes In Fund Balance 
Budget and Actual 
RESOURCES 
Taxes 
Ucenses and permils 
Inlergovemmenlal 
Charges for services 
Rnes and lorfeitures 
Miscellaneous 
Totol resources 
EXPENOITURES 
Genera l governmen t 
Public >or"ly 
Transportation 
Economic environment 
Men ta l and phys ical health 
Culture and recrectian 
Capitol outlay 
Debt s6fVic e : 
Interest 
T otol expe nditure s 
Excess re sources over expenditures 
OTHER FtNANCING SOURCES (USES) 
Sale 01 copital assets 
Collection of revolvi ng loons 
Transfers in 
Transfers out 
Totot other IInanclng sources (uses) 
law Enforcemen t Information Systems Fund 
For the Fisca l Year Ended Dec e mber 31,2013 
Odglno l Budget FInal Budget 
, , 
740,000 740.000 
989.967 989.967 
1.729.967 1.729.967 
1.774.223 1.800.626 
60.098 76.835 
1.834.321 1.877. 461 
(104.354) !I 47.494) 
Excess (defici ency) o f rev enues and other sources 
over (under) expenditures and other uses (104.354) (147.494) 
Othe r c hange s In lund balance 
Prior period adjustment 
Fund Balan ce· beglnntng 187.647 187.647 
Fund Balance - e nding , 83.293 , 40.153 
Actual 
, 
710.989 
924.777 
1.635.766 
1.660.019 
24,468 
1,684,487 
(48.721 ) 
(48.721) 
206.802 
187.647 
, 345.728 
vorlo nce wllh Flnol 
Budget· Positive 
(Negollve) 
, 
129.011) 
)65.190) 
(94.201) 
140.607 
52.367 
192.974 
98.773 
98.773 
206.802 
, 305.575 
City of Spokane 
 
158 Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 
 
 
  
Combining statement 01 Revenues, Expenditures, and Changes In Fund Balance 
Budget and Actual 
Real Estate Rental Fund 
For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31 , 2013 
Ollglnal Budget Final Budget Actual 
RESOURCES 
Taxes I I I 
Ucenses and permits 
Intergovernmental 
Charges for services 
Fines and forlei tures 
Miscellaneous 
Talol resource $ 
EXPENDITURES 
Genera l governmen t 1.700 
Public safely 
Transportat ion 
Economic env~onment 
Menial and physical health 
Cullure and recreation 
Coptol out lay 
Debt service: 
Interest 
Total expenditures 1]00 
bceu resource s over expenditur es p]oo) 
OTHER FINANCING SOURCES (USES) 
Sale of capla l assets 
COllection of revo lving loans 
Transfers in 
Transfers out (125.CXXl) (125.000) 
Tatol ather financing sources (uses) (125.CXXl) (i25.CXXl) 
Exceu (deficiency) o f revenues and olher sources 
over (under) expendllures and other U$es (125.CXXlJ (125.000) (L7oo) 
Other c hanges In fund balance 
Prior period adjustment 
fund Balance _ beginning (restated) 119.953 119.953 119.953 
fund Balance _ ending I 15.0471 I 15.047 1 I 118.253 
Valiance with Final 
Budget -Pasltlve 
(Negative) 
I 
(1.7001 
( 1.700) 
(1.700) 
125.CXXl 
125.000 
123.300 
I 123.300 
C-82City of Spokane 
 
Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 159 
 
 
  
Combining Statement of Revenues, Expenditures. and Changes In Fund Balance 
Budget and Actual 
RESOURCES 
Taxes 
Licenses and permils 
Inlergovernmenlal 
Charges for 5efYices 
Rnes ond forf eitures 
Miscelloneous 
ToIol resources 
EXPENDITURES 
Generol government 
Pub lic sofety 
Transporfo lion 
Economic environmenl 
Menial ond physicol heolth 
Culture ond reereo lion 
COpitoloulloy 
Debl $E!rvice: 
Interest 
Tolal eKpendltures 
bceu resourc es over eKpendlture s 
OTHER fiNANCING SOURCES (USES) 
Sole of copitol assets 
Collec~on of revolv ing loans 
Transfers in 
Tronsfers 01.11 
Total olher IInanclng sources (uses) 
Local law Enfarcement Block Grant Fl.lnd 
For the Flscol Year Ended December 31 . 2013 
Original Budget flnol Budget 
, , 
217.389 
2.000 2.000 
2.000 219.389 
339.264 507.028 
215.000 369. 431 
554.264 876.459 
(552.26 4) (657.0701 
EKcess (detlclency) 01 revenues ond other sources 
over (under) eKpendlhlfes and other uses (552.264) (657.070) 
Other changes In lund balance 
Prior pefiod odjustmen l 
Fund Balance· beginning 427.073 427,073 
Fund Balance · endIng , p25.19lj , j229,997 1 
Acluol 
, 
3L267 
199 
31 .466 
249.786 
167.220 
417,006 
(385.5401 
(385.5401 
427,073 
, 4 1,533 
Vorlonce with Flnol 
Budget·Posltlve 
(Negative) 
, 
(186,122) 
IL801) 
1187,923) 
257,242 
202.211 
459.453 
271.530 
271.530 
• 
27L53O 
City of Spokane 
 
160 Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 
 
 
  
Combining statement of Revenues, Expenditures, and Changes in fund Balan ce 
Budget and Actual 
Human Services Grant Fund 
for the fi sca l Year Ended Decembe r 31, 2013 
Orlglna l 8udgel flngt 8udget Actual 
RESOURCES 
Taxes , • • Licenses and permits 
Intergovernmenta l 5.742.124 9 .266.539 6.498.697 
Charges for services 727.829 870.083 929.2 42 
Fines and forfeitures 
M iscellaneous 111 ) 
Total resources 6.469.953 10.136.622 7.427,928 
EXPENDITURES 
General government 
PUblic safety 
Transpo rtation 
Economic environmen t 6.469.953 10,136.6 42 7.210.594 
Menia l and physical health 
Culture and recreation 
Capitoloulley 
Debt service: 
Interes t 
Total el!pendllures 6.469.953 10. 136,<142 7.210.594 
El!cen resource s over el!pendltures 120) 217.334 
OTHER fiNANCING SOURCES (USES) 
Sale of capito l assets 
Collection o f revolv ing loons 
Transfers in 
Tronsfers out 
Total othe r IInon clng sources (uses) 
hcen (detlclency) of revenues ond other sources 
over (under) el!pendllures and othe r uses 1201 217.334 
Other changes In fund bolgnCe 
Prior period adjust m ent 
Fund 8alance . beginning 1.164.322 184,322 1.184.322 
Fund 8alance . endi ng 
• 1.164.322 • 
1.18 4,302 • 1.401.656 
Vgrl(lnce with Final 
8udg el- Pas1tlve 
(Negative) 
, 
(2.767.842) 
59.159 
(11) 
(2,708.694) 
2.926.048 
2.926.048 
217.35 4 
217.35 4 
• 2 17.354 
C-83City of Spokane 
 
Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 161 
 
 
  
Combining Stotement of Revenues. Expenditures. and Changes In Fund Balance 
Budget and Actua l 
forfeitures Contributions Fund 
For the fiscal Year Ended December 31. 2013 
O.lglnol 8udget final 8udget Actual 
RESOURCES 
Taxes • • • 
Ucenses and permits 
Inlergovernmentol 185.000 225.046 
Chorges for services 3,000 3,000 26.342 
Fines ond forle ilures 294.000 294,000 114.847 
Misce llaneous 86,800 86.800 111.921 
Total resources 383,900 568.800 478,156 
EXPENDITURES 
Gene ral government 
Public sofety 395,635 634,596 355,394 
Transportation 
Eco nomic environment 
Menta l and physicol health 
Culture and rec reo ~ on 
Copitolou lloy 175.000 25U21 110,42 1 
Debt service: 
Interest 
Total expenditures 570.635 885,717 465,815 
Excess resou rces over expenditures (186,835) 1316,917) 12,341 
OTHER FINANCING SOURCES (USES) 
Sale of capitol ossels 120,000 238,101 
Collection of revolving loons 
Transfers in 
Transfers ou t 
Total other finan c ing sources (uses) 120,000 238,10 1 
been (de tlclency) of revenues and ather sources 
vve. (unde.) expenditure, and other uses (186,0:)51 (196,917) 2SO,~~2 
Other changes In fund balance 
Prior panod adjustment 
fund 80lance - beginning 526,869 526 ,869 526,869 
Fund 8010nce - ending • 
340,034 • 
329,952 • 
777,3 11 
Vo.ionce with Final 
8udget -Posltlve 
(Negolive) 
• 
40.046 
23.342 
(179,153) 
25.121 
190,644) 
279,202 
140,700 
419,902 
329,258 
118.10 \ 
118,101 
H7,359 
• 
447,359 
City of Spokane 
 
162 Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 
 
 
  
Combi ning Statement of Revenues, Expenditures, and Changes In Fund Balance 
Budget and Actual 
Intermoda l Facility Operation Fund 
For the Fisca l Year Ended Oecember 31, 2013 
Original Budget Final Budget Actual 
RESOURCES 
Taxes , , , 
Licenses and permi ts 
Intergovernmental 
Chorges lor services 
Fines ond lorleitures 
Miscellaneous 457.129 457.129 410.943 
Tolal resource s 457.129 ~57.129 410.943 
EXPENDITURES 
General government 
Public safely 
Transportation 500.279 500.279 482.199 
Econom ic environment 
Mental and physical health 
Culture and recreation 
Capi tol ou tlay 27.25~ 27.254 
Debt service: 
Inlerest 
Total expenditu res 527.533 527.533 482.199 
bcen resou rce s over expenditur es (70.404) (70.404) (71.2561 
OTHER fiNANC ING SOURCES (USES) 
Sale of capitol assets 
Col lection of revolving loans 
Transfers in 71.369 71.369 71.369 
Transfers out 
Total other financing sources (uses) 71.369 71.369 71.369 
EKcen (deficiency) of revenues and other sourc es 
over (under) e xpend1tures and other uses 965 965 
'" 
Other changes In fund balance 
Pnor period adjuslmenl 
fund 8olonce _ beginning ~ 1.216 41.216 41.216 
fund Balance - ending , 42.181 , 42. 181 , 41.329 
Vorlonce with Final 
Budget -Positiv e 
(Negative) 
, 
(46.186) 
(46.186) 
18.080 
27.25~ 
45.334 
(852) 
(852) 
, 1852! 
C-84City of Spokane 
 
Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 163 
 
 
  
Combining Stateme n t of Revenues, Expenditures, and Changes In Fund Balance 
Budget and Act ual 
Hote l/ Mote l Lodging Tox Fund 
For the Fisca l Year End e d Dec e mber 31 , 2013 
Original Budget Final Budget Actual 
RESOURCES 
Taxes $ 2.400,000 $ 2.400.000 $ 2,840,166 
Ucenses and permits 
Intergovernmental 
Charges for services 
Fines and forfeitures 
Miscellaneous 
Total resource s 2.400.000 2.400.000 2.840.166 
EXPENDITURES 
General government 
Pub lic safe ty 
Tronsporlohon 
Economic environment 2.401.375 2.406.875 2.846-702 
Mental ond physical health 
Cu lture and recreation 
Capitol out lay 
Debt servk:e: 
Interest 
Total expe nditures 2.401.375 2.406,875 2.846.702 
E xcess resourc es over expenditures ( 1.375) (6.875) (6,536) 
OTHER FINANCING SOURCES (USES) 
Sole of copito l ossets 
Co llection of revolving loons 
Transfers in 
Transfers out 
Total other finan c ing sources (uses) 
Excess (deficiency) of revenu es and ot her sources 
over (under) expenditure s and other uses (1.375) (6.875) (6.536) 
other changes In lund balanc e 
PMOf period adjustmen t 
Fund Bolonce • beginning 66.035 66.035 66,035 
Fund Balonce • ending $ 64,660 , 59.160 $ 59.499 
Varklnce with Fined 
Budget ,posltlv e 
(Negative) 
$ 440,166 
440.166 
1439,827) 
(439.827) 
339 
339 
, 339 
City of Spokane 
 
164 Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 
 
 
  
CombInIng statement of Revenues, ExpendItures, and Chonges In Fund Balance 
Budget and Actual 
Rea l Estate Excise Tax Fund 
For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31,2013 
Origina l Budget final Budget Actual 
RESOURCES 
Toxes , 1,300,0C(I , 1,300,000 , 1,681,27 1 
Licenses and perm its 
Intergovernmental 
Cha rges for services 
Fines and forfe itures 
Mi$Celianeous 
Total resources 1.300.000 1.300.000 1,68\,271 
EXPENDITURES 
General government 2.505 2.505 1.477 
Public safe ty 
Transportat ion 
Economic envi ronment 
Mental and physical health 
Cu lture and recreation 
Capitol oullay 
Debl service: 
Interes l 
Tolal expenditures 2.505 2.505 1.477 
Excess resources over expenditures 1,297.495 1.297.495 1,679.794 
OTHER FINANCING SOURCES (USES) 
Sale of capi tol assets 
Collect ion of revol ving loons 
T ransfers in 
Tromlers out (4.405.480) (4.405.480) (400,000) 
Total other flnonclng sources (uses) (4.405,480) (4.405.480) (400.000) 
bcess (dellciency) 01 revenues and other source s 
over (under) expenditures and olher uses (3.107.985) (3.107.985) \,279,794 
Other changes In lund balanc e 
Prior period odjuslmenl 75,868 
Fund Bolance • beginning 5,304,502 5,304.502 5.304,502 
Fund Balance - ending , 2,196,517 , 2.196,517 , 6.660.164 
Variance wllh Final 
Budgel-PoslIlve 
(Negollve) 
, 38 1,27 1 
381.271 
1.028 
1.028 
382,299 
4.005.480 
4,005, 480 
4,387,779 
75,868 
, 4.463.647 
C-85City of Spokane 
 
Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 165 
 
 
  
Combining Statement of Revenues , bpendltures, and Changes In Fund Balance 
Budget and Actua l 
Public Safety and Judicial Grants Fund 
For the fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2013 
Origlna t Budget Final Budg el Actual 
RESOURCES 
Taxes $ , , 
Ucenses and permi ls 
Intergovemmental 2.297.812 2.297.812 424.710 
Charges for setVices 
Fines and forfeilures 
Miscellaneous 
Total,esource s 2.297.812 2.297.812 424.710 
EXPENDITURfS 
General government 
Public safely 433.894 611.139 33(1.780 
Transpo rtation 
Economic env~anmenl 
Mental and physical health 
Cullure and recrea tion 
Capilol outlay 1.923.717 1.746.471 121.004 
Debl service: 
Interest 
10101 expendllure s 2.357.611 2.357.6\0 451.764 
Excess resour c es over expendHure s [S9.799) (59.798) (27.074) 
OTHER f iNANCING SOURCES (USES) 
Sale 01 capitol assels 
COllecl>on of revolving loons 
Transfers in 111.628 111.628 46.095 
Transfers out 
Total ather financing source s (uses) 111.628 11 1.628 46.095 
Excess (del1ciency) at revenues and other sourc es 
over (und er) expenditur es and other uses 51.829 51,830 19.021 
Other c hang es In lund balan ce 
Prior period adjustment (34.624) 
fund Balance _ beginning 164.590 164.590 164.590 
fund Balance - ending $ 216.419 , 216.420 $ 148.987 
Varianc e with fin al 
Budget -Positive 
(Negativ e) 
$ 
(1.873.102) 
[1.873.102) 
280.359 
1.625.467 
1.905.626 
32.724 
165.S33) 
(65.533) 
(32.809) 
134.624) 
• 167.4331 
City of Spokane 
 
166 Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 
 
 
  
Combining Statement 01 Revenues, Expenditures, and Changes In Fund Balance 
Budget and Actual 
RESOURCES 
Taxes 
licenses and permits 
Intergovernmentol 
Charges for 58fVices 
Fines and forleitures 
Miscellaneolls 
Total re sources 
EXPENDITURES 
General government 
Public safety 
Tronspol1ation 
Economic environment 
Mental and physical health 
Cu lture and recreation 
Capitol ou tlay 
Debt service: 
Interest 
Total expenditures 
Exc en resource s OV~ expenditures 
OTHER FINANCING SOURCES (USES) 
Sale 01 capitol assets 
Collection 01 revolving loons 
Transfers in 
Tranders all! 
Total other financing sources (uses) 
Combined Communications Center Fund 
For the Fisca l Year Ended December 31, 2013 
Original Budget Final Budget 
, 1,108.086 , 1,108.086 
1.797,458 1]97.458 
40.000 40,000 
2.9 45.544 2.945.54 4 
2,974,447 2.989.498 
496.049 725.327 
3.470.496 3.714.825 
(524.952) (769.281) 
Excess (deUclency) of revenues and other sources 
over (under) expenditu re s and o ther uses (524,952) (769.281) 
Other changes In lund balonce 
Prior period adjustment 
Fund Balance - beginning 4.494.653 4,494.653 
fund Balance - endi ng 
• 
3,969.701 , 3.725.372 
Actual 
, 1.155.121 
1.757.775 
, .0&< 
(32.496) 
2.881.484 
2.768.60 4 
101.748 
2.870.352 
11.132 
11.132 
4.494.653 
• 4.505.785 
Varlonc e with Final 
Budget-Positive 
(Negative) 
, 47.035 
(39.683) 
1.084 
(72.496) 
(64.0601 
220.894 
623.579 
844.473 
780.413 
780.4 13 
• 780.413 
C-86City of Spokane 
 
Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 167 
 
 
  
Combining Statement of Reve nue s, bpe ndltures, and Changesln Fund Balance 
Budget and Actual 
CommunicatIons BuildIng MaIntenance Operations Fund 
Forthe Fiscal Year Ended December 31,2013 
Original Budget Final Budget 
RESOURCES 
Toxes , , , 
licenses ond perm its 
Intergovernmen tol 84,750 84,750 
Chmges for sefVices 79,000 79.000 
Fines and forfeitures 
Miscelloneous 5.000 33.587 
Total resources 168,750 197.337 
EXPENDITURES 
General govemment 
Public safe ty 314,988 360.300 
Transportalton 
Economic envifonmen t 
Mental and p hysical heallh 
Cultu re ond recrea tion 
Copi lol oulloy 
Debt sefVice: 
Interesl 
Total exp enditures 314,988 360,300 
Excess resource s over e){pendllures 1146,238) (162.963) 
OTHER fiNAN CING SOURCES (USES) 
Sale o f coplo l assets 
Collection of revo lving loons 
T rans fers in 
T rans fers oul 
Total other financing source s (use s) 
Excess (defici en cy) of ,evenues oOd other sour ces 
over (under) expenditures ond other uses (1 46.238) (162.963) 
Other chonges In lund botonce 
Prior period adjustment 
Fund Balance - beginning 208A12 208,412 
Fund Bolonce _ ending , 62.174 , 45.449 , 
Actual 
150,651 
115.270 
7A73 
273.394 
245.171 
245,171 
28.223 
28.223 
208.412 
236.635 
Varian c e wllh Final 
Budget -Positive 
(Negative) 
, 
65,901 
36.270 
(26.114) 
76.057 
115.129 
115,129 
191. 186 
191.186 
, 191.186 
City of Spokane 
 
168 Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 
 
 
  
Combining stotement of Revenues, Expenditures, and Chang es In Fund Balance 
Budget and Actua l 
Com munity Development Fund 
For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2013 
Original Budget flna t Budget Actuo l 
RESOURCES 
Taxes , , , 
Ucenses ond permi ts 
Intergovernmental (2.8 \ 7) 
Charges fO( services 
fines and forfeilures 
Miscel laneous 
" 
Total reSOUfceS (2]77) 
EXPENDITURES 
Genera l government 
Public safe ty 
Transportation 
Econom ic environmen t 
" Mental and p hysical heal th 
Cu ll ure and recreation 
COpi tolout lo y 
Debt service: 
In terest 
Totol expe nditur es 
" 
Excess resources over expenditures (2.789) 
OTHER FtNANCtNG SOURCES (USES) 
Sale 01 capitol ossels 
Collect ion 01 revolv ing loons 
Transfers in 
Transfers out ( 11.466) 
Tolal olher IInancing source s (uses) P 1.466) 
Excess (deficiency) of revenues ond other sources 
over (under) expenditures and olher uses 114.255) 
Othe r chonges In lund bolonce 
Prior perio d adjus tment 
Fund Bolonce • beginning 16.812 16.812 16.812 
Fund Bolonce • ending , 16.812 , 16.812 , 2.557 
Vorlon ce with Flnol 
Budget·Posltlve 
(Negative) 
$ 
·:2.817) 
" 
12]77) 
(12) 
(12) 
12.789) 
111.466) 
(1 1.466) 
(14.255) 
, 11 4.2551 
C-87City of Spokane 
 
Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 169 
 
 
  
Com bining Statement of Revenues, Expenditures. and Changes in Fund Balance 
Budget and Actuai 
Com munity Oevelopment Human Services Operatio n Fund 
For the fiscal Year Ended Oecember 31, 2013 
Orlglnol 8udget Flnol 8udget 
RESOURCES 
T a xes , , , 
Licenses and permits 
Intergovernmental 
Cha rges for services 
Fines and fOt1eitures 
Misce llaneous 
Totol re $ource s 
EXPENDITURES 
General government 
Pub lic safety 
Transportation 
Economic environment (16.271) (14.599) 
Mental a nd physica l health 
Cu lture and recreation 
Capito l oulloy 
Debt service: 
Interest 
Totol elCpendllures [16.271) (\4,599) 
Exceu resources over expenditure s 16.271 14,599 
OTHER fiNANC ING SOURCES (USES) 
Sale 01 capital assets 
Co llection o f revo lving loans 
Tronslers in 
Transfers oul 
Total other I1noncing sources (uses) 
Excess (dellciency) 01 revenues ond othe r sources 
over (under) expenditures ond other uses 16.271 14,599 
Other changes in lund bolonce 
Prior period odjustment 
fund 80lonce • beginning 
Fund 8010nce . ending , 16,271 , 14,599 
• 
Actua l 
475,C()() 
475,C()() 
475.C()() 
47S.C()() 
Vorlon ce with Flnol 
8udget·Poslliv e 
(Negotlve) 
, 
[14.599) 
(14.599) 
( 14,599) 
475,C()() 
475,C()() 
460.401 
, 460,40 1 
City of Spokane 
 
170 Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 
 
 
  
Combining statement of Revenues, Expenditures, and Changes In Fund Balance 
Budget and Actua l 
Community Deve lopment Block Grant Program Fund 
For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31 , 2013 
Original Budget final Budget 
RESOURCES 
Taxes , , , 
UCenses and permits 
Intergovernmental 4.800.000 4.800.000 
Charges far services 
Fines and forfeitures 
M iscellaneous 
lolol resource s 4.800.000 4.800 .000 
EXPENDITURES 
Gene<al government 
Public sofely 
Transportation 
Economic environment 5.390.000 3.955.787 
Mental and physk:al heollh 
Cultu ,e and recreation 
Copi toloullay 784.213 
Debt s9fVice: 
Inte,es t 
Total expenditures 5.390.000 4.740.0CXl 
bcen resources over e xpenditure s (590,000) 00,000 
OTHER fiNANCING SOURCES (USES) 
$ole of capita l assels 
Collection of revo lving loons 650.000 
Transfers in 
Transfer1 out 160.000) (60.000) 
Total other financing sources (uses) 590.000 (60.000) 
bcen (dellclency) of revenue s and other soulces 
over (under) expenditures and alher uses 
Other changes In tund batance 
Prior period adjustment 
Fund Bolonce _ beginning 
Fund kilo nee - endIng , • , 
Actuol 
2.392.275 
36.917 
2.429.192 
1.403.522 
755.398 
2158.920 
270.272 
277.662 
(408.106) 
(130.444) 
139,828 
139,828 
Variance with final 
Budget ,PasHlve 
(Ne got"'e) 
• 
(2.407.725) 
36.917 
12.370.808) 
2.552.265 
28.815 
2.581.080 
210.272 
277.662 
(348,106) 
(70.444) 
139.828 
• 139.828 
C-88City of Spokane 
 
Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 171 
 
 
  
Combining statement 01 Revenues, Expenditures, and Changes In Fund Balance 
Budget and Actual 
RESOURCES 
Taxes 
Licenses and permi ts 
Intergovernmental 
Charges lor services 
Rnes and lorfeilures 
Miscel laneous 
Tolalresoulces 
EXPENDITURES 
General govemmenl 
Public safel y 
Transpor laHon 
Economic envf'onmenl 
Menta l and phy$ical hea lth 
Cu lture and recreation 
Capitol out lay 
Debt service: 
Inleres t 
10101 expendiTUres 
Excess resources over expenditures 
OTHER fiNANCING SOURCES (USES) 
Sale of capitol assets 
Collec tion o f revolv ing loons 
Transfers in 
Transfers out 
Tolal olher IInancing sources (uses) 
Com munity Deve lopment Block Grant Revo lving Fund 
For the Fisca l Year Ended December 31, 2013 
Orlglnol Budget Flnol Budget 
, , • 
6SO.OCQ 
650.000 
(650.OCQ) 
Excess (deficiency) of revenues and othel' sources 
over (undel') expenditures and other uses (650.OCQ) 
Other changes In fund balanc e 
Prior period adjustment 
Fund Balance - beginning (reslated) 18,231.402 18.231.402 
Fund Balance - ending , 18,231.402 
• 
17.581.402 , 
Actual 
75.721 
290.311 
366.032 
659.581 
6.59 . ~1 
1293.549) 
259.948 
94.009 
(360.206) 
(6.249) 
(299.798) 
18.231.402 
17.931.604 
Vorionce with final 
Budget·Posltlve 
(Negallve) 
, 
75.721 
290.311 
366,032 
(9.581) 
19.~1) 
356.451 
259.948 
94.009 
(360.206) 
(6.249) 
350.202 
, 350.202 
City of Spokane 
 
172 Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 
 
 
  
CombInI ng Statement of Revenue s. Expend Itur es. and Chang es In Fund Balance 
Budget and Actual 
RESOURCES 
Toxes 
Licenses ond permits 
Intergovernmental 
Charges lor services 
Fines and lorteHures 
Miscellaneaus 
Toiol resoulces 
EXPENDITURES 
Genera l governmen t 
Pub lic safety 
Transpor tation 
Economic environment 
Men ial and physical health 
Culture and recreo~on 
Copitoloulloy 
Debt service: 
Inteles t 
Tolal expenditures 
Excess resoulces ovel expendltules 
OTHER FINANCI NG SOURCES (USES) 
Sole of capital ossets 
Collectfon o f revolving loons 
Tronslers in 
Transfers out 
Toiol other f!noncing source s (uses) 
MIscellaneous Comm unIty Devetopment G rant s Fund 
For the Flsco l Year Ended December 31.2013 
Orlglnol Budget f lnol Budget 
• • $ 
710.000 710.000 
710.000 710.000 
710.000 710.000 
710.000 710.000 
Excess (defiCiency) of reve nues a nd o ther sources 
over (under) expenditures ond other uses 
Othel' changes In lund balance 
Prior period adjustment 
f und Bala nce - beginnIng 1.513.406 1.513.406 
fund Balance· endIng 
• 1.513.406 • 1.513. 406 • 
Ac!uol 
661.846 
'" 
662.8 19 
693.475 
693,475 
(30.656) 
(30.656) 
1.513.406 
1.482.750 
Vo.lonc e with Flnol 
Budget-Positiv e 
(Negollve) 
$ 
(48.154) 
'" 
(47.181) 
16.525 
16.525 
(30.656) 
(30.656) 
• 130.6561 
C-89City of Spokane 
 
Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 173 
 
 
  
Combining S tatement of Revenues , bpendltures, and Changes In Fund Balance 
Budget and Actual 
Home Program Fund 
Far the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2013 
Ollglnal Budget Flnat Budget Aclual 
RESOURCES 
Taxe~ 
• , , 
licenses and permits 
Intergovernmenta l 2.200,000 2.200,000 1.547.712 
Charges for services 
Fines and forteitu res 
Miscellaneous 69.65 4 
Tolal resour ces 2.200.000 2.200.000 1.617.366 
EXPENDITURES 
General government 
Public safety 
TronspO!1otion 
Economic environmen t 2.2OO.(l(X) 2.200,000 345.689 
Menta l and physicol health 
Cu lture and recreahon 
Capitoloulloy 
Debt service: 
Interest 
Total expendllures 2.2OO.(l(X) 2.2OO,(l(X) 345, 689 
been resources OVef expendllures 1.271.677 
OTHER FINANCING SOURCES (USES) 
Sale o f copital assets 
Col lection of revolving loom 
Tronsfers in 
Tronsfers out 
Total other flnon c lng sources (uses) 
Excess (deficiency) of revenues and other sources 
over (under) expenditures ond other uses 1.271.677 
Othe r chonges In lund balonce 
P~or penod odjuslmenl 
Fund Bolo nce • beginning 15,139.290 15,139,290 15. 139.290 
Fund Balance· ending 
• 
15,139.290 , 15.139.290 , 16,4 10.967 
Variance with final 
Budget . Positive 
(Negative) 
, 
1652.288) 
69.654 
1582.634) 
1.854.311 
1.854,311 
1.271.677 
1.271.677 
• 1.271.677 
City of Spokane 
 
174 Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 
 
 
  
Combining Statement of Reve nues, E xpenditures , and Cl'Ionges In Fund Balance 
Budget and Actual 
Housing Assistance Program fund 
For the Fisca l Year Ended Oecember 31 , 2013 
Original Budget Fina l Budget Ac tual 
RESOURCES 
T o ~ es 
• • • Licenses and permits 
Inte rgovernmental 1.400.000 1.400.000 1.247.168 
Cha rges for services 
Fines and forfeitures 
Miscellaneous 183) 
Total resources 1.400.000 1.400.000 1.247.085 
EXPENDITURES 
Geneml governmen l 
Public solety 
Tronspotiolfon 
Economic environment 1.410.000 1.410.(0) 7.704 
Mental and physical hea lth 
Culture and recreation 
Capi to l outlay 
Debt service: 
Inlerest 
Totol e~pendllu f es 1.410.(0) 1.410.(0) 7.704 
Ellcen resources over e~pendltures pO.OO)1 (10.00)) 1.239,381 
OTHER fINANCING SOURCES (USH) 
Sale ot capitol ossels 
Co llection of revolv ing loons 
Transfers in 
Transfers out 
TOlal other !lnanclng sources (uses) 
Ellcen (detlclency) of revenues and other sources 
over (under) e~pendltufes and other uses (l0.00)) ('0.00)) 1.239,381 
Other c hange s In fund balance 
Prior period o djuslment 
fund Balance· beginning 1,334.838 1.334.838 1.334.838 
fund Balance· ending 
• 1.324.838 , 1.324.838 , 2.574.219 
Variance with final 
Budget,Pollllve 
(Negative) 
• 
(152.832) 
(83) 
p52.915) 
1.402.296 
1.402.296 
1.249.38 1 
1.249.381 
• 1.249.381 
C-90City of Spokane 
 
Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 175 
 
 
  
Combining Statement of Revenue5, Expenditures, and Changes In Fund Balance 
Budg et and Actual 
Home Rehabilitotion Fund 
For the Fiscol Yeor Ended December 31, 2013 
Orlglnol 8udget Flnal 8udget Actuo! 
RESOURCES 
Toxe~ , , , 
Ucenses and pElfmits 
IntergavElfnmen ta l 
Chorges for services 
Fines and forfeiture~ 
Miscellaneous 
Toiol resources 
EXPENDITURES 
General govElfnmenl 
Public sofety 
Transportation 
Economic environment 
Menta l ond physical health 
Culture ond recrealion 
Copilalou tloy 
Debt sElfVice: 
Interes t 
Totol expenditu res 
bceu resource s ovef expenditures 
OTHEI! FINANCING SOURCES (USES) 
Sale of capitol assets 
Col lection 01 revolv ing loons 
1ron51ef5 in 
Transfers out 
Total othef flnonclng sources (uses) 
Excess (deficiency) of revenues ond of her sources 
OVef (undef) expenditures ond olher uses 
Othe r changes In fund bolonce 
Prior period adjustmen t 
Fund 8alance· beginning (res'oled) 3.200 3.200 3.,," 
Fund 8alance • ending , 3.,," , 3.200 , 3.206 
Volionce with Final 
8udget.Posltlve 
(Negolive) 
, 
, 
City of Spokane 
 
176 Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 
 
 
  
Combining Stotement of Revenues, Expenditures, and Changes In Fund Balan ce 
Budget and Actual 
Rental Rehabilitation Fund 
For the Fisca l Year Ended D ece mber 31,2013 
Original Budge t final 8udget Actua l 
RESOURCES 
Taxes , , , 
Licenses and parmils 
Intergovernmenlal 
Charges lor services 
Fines and lorfeitu res 
Misce llaneous 54.380 
Total re sources 54.380 
EXPENDITURES 
Genera l government 
Public safe ly 
Tronspor lotion 
Economic environment 500.000 375.000 ~4.7 4~ 
Mental and physical heollh 
Cul ture and recreation 
COpitoloulloy 
De b t service : 
Interes l 
10teli e:o:pendll ures 500.000 375.000 ~4.7 4 4 
bceu resources over e:o:pen d!tures (500.0001 (375.000) 9.636 
OTHER FINANCI NG SOURCES (USES) 
50le o f capitol ossets 
Col lection of revo lving loons 
Transfers in 
Transfers ou l (125.0001 (475.000) 
Total other financing sources (uses) (125.0001 (475.000) 
E:o:ceu (d etic lency) 01 revenues ond other sources 
over (under) e:o:pendltures and other uses (500.000) (500.000) (465.364) 
Other cha nges In lund balan ce 
P~or period adjustment 
Fund Balan ce - begi nnin g 1.829.743 1.829.743 1.829.743 
Fund Balanc e - endi ng , 1.329,743 , 1.329.743 , 1.364.379 
Variance with Final 
Budget-Positive 
(Negativ e) 
, 
54.380 
54.380 
330.256 
330.256 
38~.636 
(350.000) 
(350.000) 
34.636 
, 34.636 
C-91City of Spokane 
 
Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 177 
 
 
  
Combining statement of Revenues, Expenditures , and Changes In Fund Balance 
Budget and Actual 
UDAG Esc row Fund 
For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2013 
Original Budget Final Budget Actual 
RESOURCES 
Taxes , , , 
Lice nses and perm its 
Intergovernmental 
Charges for services 
Fines and forfeitures 
Miscellaneous 20,000 20,000 88 
Totol. esour<:es 20,000 20,000 88 
EXPENDtTURES 
Generol government 
Public sofely 
Transpor tation 
Economic environmen t 520.000 520,000 
Menta l and physical health 
Cullura and recrea tion 
Capital aultay 
Debt service: 
Interest 
Total expend itures 520,000 520,000 
Ex<:eu resou.<:es ave. expenditures (500,000) 1500.000) 88 
OTHER FINANCING SOURCES (USES) 
Sale of copilal assels 
Colleclion 01 revolving loans 
Transfers In 
Transfers out 
Totc " other IInon <:lng sources (uses) 
Ex<:ess (dellclen ey) ot rev enues and other sour<:es 
over (under) expenditures and other uses (500,oooJ (500,000) 88 
Other changes In lund balance 
Prior period adjustmen t 
Fund Bolon<:e - beginning 274.100 274.100 274,100 
Fund Balance _ ending , 1225,9001 $ 1225.9001 , 274,188 
Varianc e with Final 
Budget·Po slllve 
(Negallve ) 
, 
(19.9121 
(19,9121 
520,000 
520,000 
500,088 
500,088 
$ 500,088 
City of Spokane 
 
178 Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 
 
 
  
Combining S tatemen t 01 Revenues, Expenditures, and Chang es In Fund Balance 
Budget and Act ual 
WIA Adu lt Programs Fund 
f or the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2013 
Orlglnat Budget Final Budget Actual 
RESOURCES 
Taxes , , • Licenses and permits 
Intergovernmenta l 18,522 61U89 
Charges lor services 
Fines and fOffeitures 
Miscellaneous 
Totot resources 18.522 612.589 
EXPENDITURES 
General government 
Pub lic safety 
Transporta tion 
Economic environmen t 757.390 612.589 
Mental ond physical health 
Culture and recreation 
Capitol outlay 
Debt service: 
Interest 
Total expenditu res 757.390 612.589 
Excess lesources over exp enditure ' (738.868) 
OTHER FINANCING SOURCES (USES) 
Sale o f capitol assets 
Collection of revolving loans 
Tronsf8(S in 
'" Transfers out 
Total other finan c ing sources (u ses) 570 
E xcess (deficiency) oI levenues and other sourc es 
over (under) expendllures and other uses (738.868) 570 
Other change s In fund bo lo nee 
Prior period adjus tmen t 
Fund Balance· begin ning (570) (570) (570) 
Fund Balance· ending 
• !570) , F39.438! , 
Variance with F inal 
Budget.Positive 
(Negal1v e) 
• 
594.067 
594.067 
144.80 1 
144.801 
738.868 
570 
'" 
739.438 
, 739.438 
C-92City of Spokane 
 
Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 179 
 
 
  
Combining Statement of Revenues, Expenditures. and Changes In Fund Balance 
Budget and A.ctua l 
WIA. Youth Pragram Fund 
For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31. 2013 
Original Budget flno t Budget Actual 
RESOURCES 
Taxes $ • • Ucenses and permits 
Inlergovernmenla l 134.303 571.809 
Charges for services 
Fines and forfeitures 
M iscellaneovs 
Toiol resources 134.303 571.809 
EXPENDITURES 
General government 
Public sofety 
Transportation 
Economic environmenl 1.279.333 571.809 
Men tol and physical hea lth 
Cullvre and recreolion 
Capila l oull ay 
Debl service: 
Interest 
Toiol expendllures 1.279.333 571.809 
Excess resources over expenditures (1.145.030) 
OTHER f iNANCING SOURCES (USES) 
Sale of capitol assets 
Callect;cn of revo lving loans 
Transfers in 
'" Tronsfers out 
Total other IInanclng sources (uses) 
'" 
Excess (deliclency) 01 revenues and olher sources 
over (under) expenditures and other uses (1.145.030) 
'" 
Other change s In fund bolon ce 
Prior period adjustment 
Fund Bolance • beginning (751! (75 1) (75 1) 
fund Balan ce· ending 
• !lSI! $ 11. 145.78 11 $ !2S3! 
variance with final 
Budget . Posllive 
(Negollve) 
• 
437.506 
437.506 
707.52 4 
707.524 
1.1 45.030 
'" 
'" 
1.1 45.528 
$ 1.145.528 
City of Spokane 
 
180 Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 
 
 
  
Combin in g statement 01 Revenues, Expend itur es, and Cha nges In f und Balance 
Budget and Actual 
WIA Dislocated Worker Fund 
For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31 , 2013 
Original Budge! Final Budget Ac tual 
RESOURCES 
Taxes $ • • 
Ucens~ and permits 
Intergovernmental 18,782 628,649 
Charg~ for 5ervices 
Fines ond forfeitures 
Mi5cellaneous 
Total reSOUrCeS 18]82 628.649 
EXPENDITURES 
Genefal governmenl 
Public safely 
Transporlation 
Economic environment 1.163.811 628.6 49 
Men ial and physica l heol1h 
Culture and recreation 
Capitol outlay 
Deb t service: 
Interesl 
Total expenditures 1.163.811 628.649 
Excess resources over expenditures p.145.0291 
OTHER FINANCING SOURCES (USES) 
SOle of capitol os5ets 
Co llection of revo lving loons 
Trandef$ in 555 
Transfe~ out 
Total othe r financing sources (uses) 555 
Excess (deficiency) 01 revenues and of her sources 
over (under) expend~ures and othel' uses (1.145.0291 555 
Other cha nges In lund balance 
Prior period adjuslment 
Fund Balance - begInning (555) (5551 (555) 
Fund Balance - ending , !5551 , 11.1 45.5841 • 
Varianc e with Flnat 
Budget -Positive 
(Negative) 
$ 
609.867 
609.867 
535. 162 
535,162 
1.145.029 
555 
555 
1.145.584 
• 1.145.584 
C-93City of Spokane 
 
Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 181 
 
 
  
Combining Statement of Revenues , Expenditur es, and Changes In Fund Balance 
Budget and Actuol 
WIA Governor's Grant Fund 
For the Fiscal Yeor Ended Dec embe r 31, 2013 
Orlglnol Budg et flnol Budgel Actuo l 
RESOURCES 
Taxes , , , 
Licenses and permits 
Intergovernmental 752.358 357.263 
Charges lor servic es 
Fines and forfei tures 
Miscellaneous 
Totol resource s 752.358 357.263 
EXPENDITURES 
Genem l government 
Public solety 
Transportation 
Economk: environment 1.780.430 357.263 
Mental and physk:ol heolth 
Culture ond recreotion 
Copi toloulloy 
Debt service: 
Interesl 
Toiol expenditures 1.780.430 357.263 
Excess resources over expendit ures 11.028.072) 
OTHER FINANCING SOURCES (USES) 
Sale of capitol assets 
Collec tion 01 revolving loans 
Tmnsfers in 
Transfers out 
Toiol othe rllnon clng source s (uses) 
Excen (deficiency) at revenue s ond other sources 
over (under) expenditures and ofher uses (1.028.072) 
Other changes In lund bola nee 
Prior period adjustment 
Fund Bolonce _ begInning 
" " " 
Fund Bolonce - ending , " • !1.O28.055! , " 
vorlonce with flncd 
Budget-Pos1t1ve 
(Negotlve) 
, 
1395.095) 
(395.095) 
1.423.167 
1.423.167 
1.028.072 
1,028.072 
, 1.028.072 
City of Spokane 
 
182 Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 
 
 
  
Combining statement of Revenues, Expenditures, and Changes In Fund Balance 
Budget and Actua l 
WIA Admin Cost Pool Fund 
For the Fisca l Year Ended December 31 , 2013 
Ollglnol Bl,ldget flnot Bl,ldget Actual 
RESOURCES 
Tax8s • • • licenses and p8fmits 
Inlergovernmen lal 3,500JXXl 3.515.964 202.449 
Charges for services 
Fines and forfeitures 
Miscellaneous 15.572 
Totol resources 3.500.000 3.515.964 218.021 
EXPENDITURES 
General government 
Public safety 
Transportation 
Economic environment 3.500.000 3.5 15.966 217.414 
Mental and ph~cal health 
Culture and recreation 
Copitalout lay 
Debt service: 
Interest 
Toiol expenditures 3.500.000 3.515.968 217.414 
Excess resourc es ave!' expenditure s 1 ' 1 6'" 
OTHER FINANCING SOURCES (USES) 
Sole at capitol assets 
Collection of revolving loons 
Transfers in 1.016 
Transfers out (2.569) 
Tolal other financing sources (uses) (1.553) 
Excen (dellclency) 01 rev enues ond other sourc es 
ave!' (under) expenditur es and othe r u ses 1 ' 1 (946) 
Other chang es In fund balance 
Prior period odjustment 
fund Bolo nce • beginning 
'" '" '" 
fund Bolonc e - endi ng 
• '" , '" • 
Vorlonce with Final 
Budget -Positive 
(Negotlve) 
• 
p.313.515) 
15.572 
(3.297.943) 
3.298.554 
3.298.554 
611 
1.016 
(2569) 
(1.553) 
(942) 
• (942! 
C-94City of Spokane 
 
Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 183 
 
 
  
Combining Statement of Revenue s, Expenditures, and Changes In Fund Balance 
Budget and Actual 
W1A Specia l Projects Fund 
For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2013 
Odglno l Budget final Budgel Actuol 
RESOURCES 
Toxes $ $ $ 
Licens~ ond permits 
Inlergovernmenlal 21.825 49,477 
Charges for services 
Fines and forfeitu res 
Miscellaneous 12.513 11.774 
lotol resourc e s 34,338 61.251 
EXI'ENDITURES 
Genera l governmenl 
Pub lic safety 
Tronsportation 
Economic environment 148.98<1 61.251 
Men ial and physicol hea lth 
Culture and recreotion 
Capital au tloy 
Deb l service: 
Interest 
Tolol e){pendltu.es 148,984 61.251 
hcen .esources over e){pen dltuf es (114,646! 
OTHER FtNANCtNG SOURCES (useS) 
Sale of copital assets 
Collection of revolving loons 
Transfers in 
Transfers out 
10101 oIher flnonclng sources (uses) 
hcess (deficiency) 01 revenues and olher sources 
over (under) e){pendllures and other uses 1114.646! 
Other c hang es In tund balance 
Prior penod odjustmen t 
fund Bolance _ beginning 
fund Bolance - ending • , !11 4.646! • 
Vorlonce with Flnol 
Budgel -l'aslllve 
(Negative) 
$ 
27,652 
(739! 
26.913 
87.733 
87.733 
11 4.646 
11 4.646 
• 114.646 
City of Spokane 
 
184 Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 
 
 
  
Combining Statemen t of Revenues, Expenditures, and Chong es In Fund Balance 
Budget and Actua l 
Emergency Shelter Fund 
for the fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2013 
Ofiglnol Budget final Budget Actual 
RESOURCES 
Ta)(es 
• , • licenses and permits 
Inlergovemmenta l 
Charges for services 
fines and forfeitures 
Miscellaneous 
Totol resources 
EXPENDITURES 
Genera l governmen l 
Publk: safety 
Transporta lion 
Economic envi"onment 
Men ial and ph~cal heolth 
Culture and recreat ion 
Cap; lolouliay 
Debt service: 
Interes l 
Totol e)(pendlture s 
bceu resources over e)(penditu .es 
OTHER FINANCING SOURCES (USES) 
Sale of cop;tol ossels 
Collection o f revolv ing loons 
Tronsfel1 in 
Transfel1 out 
Total other IInonclng soulces (uses) 
E)(Cell (deficiency) 01 revenues and other sources 
over (under) e)(pendltures ond olher uses 
Other chonges In lund balonce 
Prior period odjustmen l 
fund Bolonce . beginning 
Fund Bolonce . ending $ $ $ 
Vorlonce with Flnol 
Budget-Positive 
(Negollve) 
• 
$ 
C-95City of Spokane 
 
Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 185 
 
 
  
Combining statement of Revenues, bpendltures , and Changes In fund Balance 
Budget and Actua l 
Trial Caurilmp rovement fund 
For the Fisca l Year Ended December 31, 2013 
O<lglnol 8udget f inal Budget Actual 
RESOURCES 
Taxes • • • Licenses and permits 
Intergovernmenta l 
Charges for services 
Fines and faffeilur e s 
Misce llaneous 
Totol resources 
EXPENDITURES 
Gene ral government 
Public safety 
Transportolion 
Economic environment 
Menial and physical health 
Cultu re and recreotion 
COpi lolou lloy 
Debt service: 
Inlerest 
Tolal el<pendllu,es 
bcess resources OVaJ el<pe ndllu.es 
OTHER fiNANCING SOURCES (USES) 
Sale of capita l assets 
Colle ction 01 revolving loons 
Transfers in 
Transfers out 
Total olher Iinonclng sources (uses) 
bceu (deficiency) of revenues ond other sources 
over (under) el<pendltures ond other use s 
other change s In lund bolonce 
Prior period a djus lment 
fund Balance· beginning m .20 '20 
fund Balance· ending 
• ' 20 • m • '20 
VOfiOnee with flnol 
Budget·Posltlve 
(Negotlve) 
• 
• 
City of Spokane 
 
186 Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 
 
 
  
Combining Statement of Revenues, Expenditures, and Cl1anges In Fund 8alance 
Budget and Actual 
Criminal Justice Assistance Fund 
For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2013 
Original Budget Final Budget Actual 
RESOURCES 
Toxe~ , 3,360,(0) , 3,360,(0) , 3.426.779 
Licenses ond permits 
Inlergovernmenta l 1.220,(0) 1,220,(0) 1.372.938 
Charges for services 95.000 95,(0) 70.946 
Mnes and torte; tures 
Miscel laneous 15.(0) 15,(0) '30 
Toial resourc e s 4.690,(0) 4,690,(0) 4.870.899 
EXPENOITUIIES 
General government 2.015 2,015 2.315 
Publ>c sofety 6.060.(0) 6.' "8.343 4.697.931 
Transportation 
Economic environmen t 
Mental and physical health 
Cullure and recreation 
Capitol outlay 
Debt service: 
Inlerest 
Tatal expenditures 6.062,015 6.120,358 4.700,246 
Exce ss resour c e s aver eKpendllures p,372.015) !1 .430.358) 170.653 
OTHER FINANCING SOURCES (USES) 
Sale at capito l assets 
Colle<:tian of revolving loam 
Transfers in <00.000 400.(0) 
Transfers out 
Total ather linan c lng saurcet (uses) 400.(0) 400,(0) 
Exce ss (deficiency) of revenues and other sour ces 
over (under) ex penditures and other uses 1972.015) (1,030,358) 170.653 
other changes In fund balance 
Prior period adjus tment 253, 181 
Fund Balanc e· beginning 3.195,108 3,195.108 3.195.108 
Fund Balance · ending , 2.223,093 , 2,164.750 , 3,618.942 
Varian c e with Final 
Budget·Posltlve 
(Ne gativ e) 
, 66,779 
152,938 
(24,054) 
(1 4.764! 
180,899 
13001 
1,420.412 
1.420.1 12 
1,601.011 
(400,00)) 
!400.(0)! 
1.201.011 
253.181 
, 1.454. 192 
C-96City of Spokane 
 
Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 187 
 
 
  
Combining Statement 01 Revenues, Expenditures, and Changes In Fund Balan ce 
Budg et and Actual 
Housing Stabilizatlan Program Fund 
For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31 , 2013 
O,lglnol Budget flnol Budget Actuol 
R~SOURCES 
Taxes , , , 
Ucemes and permits 
Intergovemmenlal 
Cha rges lor se<Vices 
Fines and lorfei tures 
Misce llaneous 
ToIol resources 
~XPENDITURES 
General government 
Pubhc safety 
Tronsportalion 
Economic environmenl 18.360 
Mental and ph)'$k:al heolth 
Cullure and recreolion 
Copilaloul lay 
Debt service: 
Inleresl 
Toiol e ~pe nditu, e l 18.360 
E~cess resources over expenditures (18.3601 
OTHER fiNANCING SOURCES (USES) 
Sale of capitol assets 
Coll ection of revolving loons 
Transfers in 
Transfers out 
Total other tlnanclng sources (use s) 
Excess (deficiency) of 'evenues and ather lources 
over (under) expenditures ond other uses (18.360) 
Other cha nges in lund bellanc e 
Prior period adjus tment 
fund Bolonce - beginning 97.SS1 97.SS1 97.SS1 
Fund Bolonce - ending , 97.SSI 
• 97.SS1 • 
79. 191 
Vg,lgn ce wHh flnol 
Budget-Positiv e 
(Negotlve) 
• 
(18.3601 
(18.3601 
(18.360) 
(18.360) 
, 11 8.360) 
City of Spokane 
 
188 Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 
 
 
  
Combining statement of Revenues, Expenditures, and Changes in Fund Balance 
Budget and Actual 
Cable TV Equipment Reserve Fund 
For the Fisca l Year Ended December 31,2013 
Ol'lglnol Budget FInal Budget Actual 
RHOURCES 
Taxes 
• • • licenses and permits 264)):)0 264.000 227.389 
Intergovernmental 
Charges for services 
fines and forfeitures 
Misce llaneous (2-697) 
lotal resources 264.000 264.000 224.692 
EXPENDITURES 
Generol government 
PubUc safe ty 184.800 423.170 330.357 
Transportation 
EconomiC erwi'onment 
Mental and physlcol hea lth 
Culture and recreation 
COpito l oulloy 79.200 319.247 
Deb' service: 
Interest 
Totat e)(pendl1ures 264.000 742,417 330.357 
E)(cess resource s over e)(pendlture s (478,417) (105.665) 
OTHER FINANCING SOURCES (USES) 
Sale 01 capHa l assets 
Collec tion of revo lving loons 
Transfers in 
Trans f e~ ou t 
Total other Iinoncing sourc es (uses) 
been (deficiency) 01 revenues and othel' sources 
over (under) e)(pendltures and other uses 1 478.417) (105.665) 
Other changes In lund balanc e 
Prior period adjustment 
Fund Balanc e· beginning 687.263 687.263 687.263 
fund Balanc e· ending 
• 687.263 • 208.846 • 581.598 
VarIance wIth FInal 
Budget·Poslllve 
(Negativ e) 
• (36.6 11) 
(2.697) 
(39.308) 
92.813 
319.247 
412.060 
372.752 
372,752 
• 372.752 
C-97City of Spokane 
 
Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 189 
 
 
  
CombInIng Statement of Revenues , Expenditures, and Changes In Fund Balance 
Budget and Actual 
Emergency Medical Servic es Fund 
For the FIscal Yeor Ended December 31, 2013 
Orlg lnol Budget Flnol Budget Actual 
RESOURCES 
Taxes 
• 
7.233.800 
• 
7.233,800 
• 
7.295.251 
Lk:enses and permits 
Inlergo vemmenlo l 11.208 
Charges for services 352.0CMl 352.0CMl 489.874 
Fines and f orfeiture~ l1 S.OCMl 115,0CMl 105.540 
Mi~el l oneous 51.0CMl 51.0CMl (19.298) 
Totol resources 7]51.800 7.751.800 7.882.575 
EXPENOITURES 
General government 317.440 319,585 235.695 
Public safety 7.598.270 7.680.474 7.921.779 
Tronsportolion 
Economk: environment 
Mental and phys.k:ol health 
Culture and recreation 
Ca pito l out lay 226.5 17 311.104 18S,445 
Debt service: 
Inlerest 
Total expend itures 8.142.227 8.311.163 8.343.919 
Excess reso urces over expenditures (390.427) (559.363) (461.344) 
OTHER FINANCING SOURCES (USES) 
Sale o f capi lal assets 
Callec~on of .evolving loons 
Tronsfe.-s in 
Tronsfe.-s ou t 
Total other financing sourc es (uses) 
Excess (deficiency) of revenues ond other sources 
over (under ) expenditu res ond other uses (390,427) (559.363) (461.344) 
Other chonge, In lund bolonce 
Prior p eriod adjustment 
fund Bolonce - beginning 3.203.617 3.203.617 3.203.617 
fund Bolonce - ending 
• 
2.813.190 
• 
2.644.25 4 
• 
2,742.273 
Variance with Flnol 
Budget·Posltlve 
(Negative) 
, 61 .451 
11 .208 
137.874 
(9.460) 
(70.298) 
IXJ.775 
83.890 
(242.305) 
125.659 
131.756) 
98.019 
98.019 
, 98.019 
City of Spokane 
 
190 Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 
 
 
  
Combining Statement 01 Revenues, Expenditures, and Changes In Fund Balance 
Budget and Actual 
RESOURCES 
Taxes 
Licenses and permits 
Intergovernmen tal 
Charges for services 
Fines and lorfeitu res 
Miscellaneo us 
Total resource s 
EXPENOnURES 
General government 
Public solety 
Transportation 
Economic environment 
Men tal and physical health 
Cu lture and recreation 
Capitaloullay 
Deb T rervice: 
Interest 
Total expendltules 
Excess resources over expendit ures 
OTHER FINANCING SOURCES (USES) 
Sale 01 capital assets 
Collection 01 revolving loons 
Translers in 
Translers ou t 
Total a ther IInan cing soulces (uses) 
Defined Contribution Administration Fund 
For the Fiscal Yeor Ended Dec e mber 31, 2013 
Origi nal Budget Final Budget 
, , 
102.700 102.700 
102.700 102.700 
102.700 112.700 
102.700 11 2.700 
pO.oool 
Excen (dellclency) 01 .evenues and othe r sources 
ave, (unde,) expenditures and other uses (10.0001 
Othe, changes In fund bolance 
Prior pefiod adjus tmen t 
Fund Balonce _ beginning 3.178 3.178 
Fund Balance - ending • 
3.178 , !6-822! 
Actual 
• 
70.000 
70.000 
68.744 
68.744 
1.256 
1.256 
3. 178 
, 4.434 
Variance with Final 
Budget -"osltlve 
(Negative) 
• 
!32.7ool 
(32.7001 
43.956 
43.956 
11.256 
11.2S6 
• 
11 .256 
C-98City of Spokane 
 
Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 191 
 
 
  
Combining Statement of Revenues, expenditures , and Changes In Fund Balance 
Budget and Actual 
Non Major Special Revenue Funds 
For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2013 
Original 8udget Flnol 8udget Actuol 
RESOURCES 
Taxes , 25.843.286 , 25.843.286 , 26.568.748 
licenses and permits 554.200 554.200 502.284 
Intergovernmental 28.500.144 35.448.702 25.102.041 
Charges for services 9.894.846 10.090.965 10.827.874 
Fines and forfeHures 1.627.000 1.627.0C() 1.980.779 
Miscellaneous 3.490.122 4.069.622 3.094.270 
Totol resource s 69.909.598 77.633.775 68.075.996 
EXPENOITURES 
General government 9.804.827 9.828.672 8.707.691 
Public safe ly 23.022.435 24.171.214 21.545.633 
Transportat ion 19.071.604 20.431.689 19.146.324 
Economic environment 24.083.535 32.089.274 16.356.955 
Mental and physical healTh 
Culture and recreation 15.294.918 15.654.813 14.979.271 
Capitaloullay 6.347.038 10.397.537 6.075.051 
Oebt service" 
Interest 
Totol ex pendltu.e s 97.624.357 112.573,199 86,810.925 
Exc ess resources over expenditure s (27.714.759) (34.939.424) (18.734.929) 
OTHER fiNANC ING SOURCES (USES) 
Sale of copi lol assets 120.000 607.992 
Collection of revo lving loans 650.000 
Transfers in 27.549.126 27.553.126 27.916.903 
Transfers oul (8.507.173) (8.640,2731 (5.567.472) 
Toiol olhe!' IInoncing sources (uses) 19.691.953 19.032.853 22.957.423 
Excess (detJclency) of rev enues ond other source s 
ave!' (und er) e xpenditur es ond other uses (8.022.806) (15.906.571) 4.222.494 
Other c honge s In lund bolonce 
Prior period adjustmen l 577.095 
fund Balance _ beginning 70,132.535 70.132.535 70.132.535 
fund Bolance - ending , 62,109.729 , 54.225.964 , 74.932.124 
Varian c e with Flnol 
8udget -Posltlve 
(Negotlv e) 
, 725.462 
(51.916) 
(10.346.661) 
736.909 
353.779 
(975.352) 
(9.557.779) 
1.120.981 
2.625.581 
1.285.365 
15.732.319 
675.542 
4.322.486 
25.762.274 
16.204.495 
487,992 
363.777 
3.072.801 
3.924,570 
20.129.065 
577,095 
, 20.706.160 
City of Spokane 
 
192 Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
This page intentionally left blank. 
 
 
 
 
  
C-99City of Spokane 
 
Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 193 
 
 
Nonmajor 
Debt Service Funds 
 
 
Debt Service Funds account for the accumulation of resources that are restricted or committed to 
expenditures for, and the payment of, principal and interest on the City’s bonds issued in support 
of governmental activities.  Debt Service Funds are described below. 
 
GO Bond Redemption Fund 
The GO Bond Redemption Fund accounts for principal and interest payments on the City’s 
outstanding unlimited general obligation bonds.  Also, some limited general obligation bond principal 
and interest are paid by this fund. 
 
Special Assessment Debt Fund 
The Special Assessment Debt Fund accounts for pr incipal and interest payments on all local 
improvement district bonds after an improvement project is completed. 
 
Special Assessment Guaranty Fund 
The Special Assessment Guaranty Fund guarantees the payment of local improvement bonds and 
warrants issued to pay for local improvements made. 
 
Iron Bridge TIF (Tax Increment Financing) Fund 
The Iron Bridge TIF Fund accounts for deposited property taxes related to improved property 
contained in the Iron Bridge Tax Increment Financ ing District.  The resources will be used pay 
general long-term debt principal and interest related to the district. 
 
University District LRF (Local Revitalization Financing) Fund 
The University District LRF Debt  Service Fund accounts for sales taxes received as part of the 
interlocal agreement with the Stat e of Washington for the University  District revitalization area.  
These taxes are restricted for the purpose of de bt service on related infrastructure in the 
revitalization area. 
  
City of Spokane 
 
194 Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 
 
 
  
Combining Balance Sheet 
Non Major Debt Service Funds 
December 31. 2013 
GO lond Special Special Iron ~ldge Tox UnlYeulty Locol Assessment Debt Auenmenl Increment ToIol Redemption Service GUCJronty flftonclng RevHolilollon 
ASSETS 
Cosh and cosh equivalent; I 1.604,046 I 132.875 $ 1.504 $ 106.079 $ 90.823 $ 1.935,327 
Depo~ts with fiscal oganhitruslOOI 
Equity in pooled in~estments 3,217.605 535.945 3.153,550 
Taxes recei~oble 628.292 
"" 
54.893 683,719 
Special ossessmenl recei~ob l e 3.059.371 3.059,371 
Accounis recei~oo l e 
Inlerest recei~oble 2,899 338 3,237 
Due from other funds 
Intenund loon recei~able 37.350 6.191 43.541 
Due from other go~ernments 
Ad~once$ to othel' fur'lds 185.057 30.675 215.732 
In~entorie! 
Notesfcontract recei~able lnan current) 
ToIol AssaH 5,675.249 3,192.246 574.653 106.613 145.716 9,694.477 
LIABIlITIES AND NET POSITION 
LIobllll~ : 
Accountsfvovchoo payat:le 
Due to otheflunds 
Due to othel' governments 
Revenues collected in od~ance 
Interlund bon payoble 
Othel" oCCfUed Iobiilies 
Othel' current k1biities 633 0" 
Deferred inflow 01 resourCEs 519.249 3,059.371 IOJ 3,578.n3 
Toto! LIobilHies 519.249 3.060.004 IOJ 3,579.356 
Fund Bolonce: 
Nonspandobie 222.407 36.866 259.273 
Restricted lor: 
Debt Service 4,933,593 132.242 537.787 106.510 145]16 5,855.848 
Committed 
Assigned 
Totot fund Bolonce • 5,156,00:> $ 132.242 I 574.653 • 106.510 $ 145]16 $ 6.115.121 
C-100City of Spokane 
 
Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 195 
 
 
  
Combining Statement of Revenues, Expenditures, and Changes In Fund Balonce 
Non Major Debt Service Funds 
For the Flscol Year Ended December 31, 2013 
GO aond Special Special Iron 8t1dge Tax University lacal Assessment Debt Aueument Inclement Redemption Service Guan;mly Financing Revnall:zatlan 
REVENUES 
loxes , Il99M09 , , , 9OUO I 259.457 
liCemes and permih 
Intergavemmentol 545,599 
Charges for services 
Fines ond forfeitures 
Miscenaneovs 1.007.709 
Interesl income 30,941 6,149 
Net il'\Crease ldecreose) in fair value of invesfments (30,375) (5,IOS) 
lotol Revenues 13,542,674 1.007.709 1.044 90."" 259,457 
EXPENDITURES 
CUrI'ent. 
General government 5,087 
PubliC sofety 
Ufililies enwonmenl 
Ironsportoool"l 
Economc el"lvJonment 
Mental and physiCal health 
Culture and recreation 
Capitoloutklys 
Debt service: 
Pril"lopol lO,600,!XXl 325,1XXl 
Interest 7,707.742 47,647 
Total E~pendHUfet \8,307,742 372.647 5,087 
E~cels of Revenues ()Yer (Under) Expem:llhnes 14.765,068) 635,062 (4,043) 90."" 259,457 
OTHER FINANCING SOURCES (USES) 
SOle at capilal ossets 
lOl"lg lerm debt issued 
Tral"ls f ~il"l 5.194.990 16.356 
Irans f ~aut 
Total Other Financing SOurces (Uses) 
Chal"lge In Fund &.olance 429,922 93,905 (404.043) 48.110 34.001 
Other Changes In FUl"ld Balance 
PriOr Period Adjustment 
Fund &.olance - beginnIng 4.726.078 38.337 978.696 58.<00 110.915 
fund Balance - ending , 5.156,COO I 132,242 , 574.653 , 106.510 , 145.716 
Total 
$ 13,346,826 
54S,5U 
1.007,711' 
37,090 
(35,480) 
1~ , 901 , 744 
5,087 
111,925,000 
7,755,389 
18,685,476 
(3.763.732) 
5,211,346 
202,ns 
5.912.426 
S 6,115,121 
City of Spokane 
 
196 Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 
 
 
  
Combining statement of Revenues , Expenditures, and Changes In Fund Balance 
Budget and Actual 
GO Bond Redemption Fund 
For the Year Ended Decembe r 31, 2013 
O,lg lnol Budgel final Budget Aclual 
RESOURCES 
Taxes , 13.087.104 , 13.087J04 , 12.996.509 
Licenses and permils 
Inlergovemmenlal 548.266 548.266 545.599 
Charges IOf servk:es 
Rnes and forfeilures 
Miscellaneous 
'" 
Total resource s 13.635.370 13.635.370 13.542.674 
EXPENDITURES 
Genefal govemmenl 
Public salety 
Utilities env;'onmenl 
Transportation 
Ecanomic environmenl 
Menial and physk:a l heollh 
Culture and recreotion 
Capitol aulloy 
Debt service: 
Principal 10.625.024 10.625.024 10.600.0C(l 
Interest 10.625.024 10.625.024 7,707.742 
Tolal expenditu res 21.250.048 21.250.048 18.307.742 
Excess resou'ce s over expe nditur es p.614.678) (7.614.678) (4.765.068) 
OTHER fiNANCING SOURCES (USES) 
Sole 01 capita l assets 
long term debl issued 
Transle~ in 5.129.547 5.129.5 47 5.194.990 
T(ansle~ out 
Tolal other financing sourc es (uses) 5.129.547 5.129,547 5.194.990 
Excess (dell cle ncy) of rev enues and olhe. sou'c es 
over (under) expenditures and other uses (2.485.131) (2.485.131) 429.922 
OIher changes In lund bolonce 
PriOf period adjustment 
fund Balonc e - beginning 4.726,078 4.726.078 4.726.078 
Fund Balance - ending , 2,240,947 , 2.240.947 , 5.156.000 
Varian ce wllh Final 
Budg el .Posltlve 
(Negollve) 
, 190.595) 
(2.667) 
50. 
(92.696) 
25.024 
2.917.282 
2.942.306 
2.849.610 
65.443 
65.443 
2.915.053 
, 2.915.053 
C-101City of Spokane 
 
Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 197 
 
 
  
Combining statement of Revenues, Expenditures, and Changes in Fund Balance 
Budget and Actua l 
RESOURCES 
Taxe s 
Licenses and permits 
Intergovernmental 
Chorg~ for services 
Fines and forfeitures 
Miscellaneous 
Total resou rc es 
EXPENOITURES 
General government 
Public safe ty 
Ufilifies environment 
Tronspor toHon 
Economic envi'onment 
Mental and physicol heo lth 
Cu lture and recreat ion 
Copi lalout lay 
Debt servic e : 
Principa l 
Interest 
Total expe nditur es 
E~cess resources over e~pend llure s 
OTHU FINANCING SOURCES (USES) 
Sole of copitol assets 
Long lerm debt issued 
Tronslers in 
Transfers out 
Total otherlinancing source s (uses) 
Special Assessment Debt Service Fund 
For the Year Ended December 31, 2013 
Ofiglnat Budget Final Budget 
• , 
980,0C() 980.0C() 
980,0c() 980,0c() 
500 500 
700.000 700.000 
700.000 700.000 
1.400.500 1,4oo.5C() 
(420.5C()) 1420.5C()) 
18,600 2.1 47.600 
(2.129.000) 
18,600 18.600 
E~cess (denciency) of revenues and other source s 
av~ (und e.) e~pendllufes and oIhef uses (401.900) (40 1,900) 
Oth~ changes In fund balance 
Prior pe;;od a djustm ent 
Fund Balan ce _ beginning 38,337 38.337 
Fund Balanc e - ending , !363.563! , p 63.563! 
Actuat 
• 
1,007,709 
L007.109 
325.000 
47.647 
372,64 7 
635.062 
16.356 
(557.513) 
(541.157) 
93.905 
38,337 
• 132.242 
Variance with fino! 
Budget-Positive 
(NegolJve) 
, 
27,709 
27.709 
500 
375.000 
652.353 
1,027,853 
1.055.562 
(2,131,244) 
1.571.487 
(559]57) 
495.805 
, 495.805 
City of Spokane 
 
198 Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 
 
 
  
Combining Stat ement of Reve nues, expenditure s, and Changes In Fund Balance 
Budget and Actual 
RESOURCES 
Taxes 
lice nses and permits 
Intergovemmental 
Cha rges for services 
Fines and forleilvres 
Miscel laneous 
Toto l re sources 
EXPENDITURES 
General government 
Public sofety 
Ulililies env~anment 
Transportotion 
Economic environment 
Mental and physical heo ll h 
Cullu re and recreahon 
Copitalout loy 
Debt service: 
Principal 
Interes t 
Totol expendllures 
Excess resources over expe nditures 
OTHER FINANCING SOURCES (USES) 
Sale of capital assets 
Long term debt issued 
Tronsfers in 
Transfers out 
Tolal olherl1nanclng sources (uses) 
Special Assessme nt Guaranty Fund 
For the Year Ended December 31, 2013 
Oflglnol Budget flnol Budget 
• • 
10,000 10,000 
10.000 10.000 
10,000 18,871 
10.000 18.871 
18.871 ! 
(400.000) (400,000) 
(400,000! (400.000) 
Excen (del1c1ency) 01 revenue s and other sources 
over (under) expenditures and othef uses [400,000) (408.871) 
Other changes In lund balonce 
Prior period adjustme nt 
Fund Bolonce - beginning 978,696 978.69 6 
Fund Bolonce - ending 
• 
578.696 
• 
569.825 
Actuol 
• 
I.O~~ 
I.O~~ 
5.087 
5,087 
[4.043! 
(4OO.000! 
(400.000) 
(404.043) 
978.696 
• 
5 7~ , 653 
Vorlonce with Flnol 
Budget -Positive 
(Negollve) 
• 
(8,956) 
(8.956) 
13 , 78~ 
13.78 ~ 
4.828 
4.828 
• 
4.828 
C-102City of Spokane 
 
Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 199 
 
 
  
Combining Stotement of Revenues, hpendltures, ond Chonges In Fund Balance 
Budget and Actuol 
RESOURCES 
Taxes 
licenses and permits 
Intergovernmenta l 
Charges tor services 
Anes and forfeitures 
Miscellaneous 
Totot resources 
EXPENDITURES 
General government 
Public solety 
utilities environment 
Transpor lation 
Economic enl/ironment 
Mental and physical health 
Cullure and recreation 
Copitaloullay 
Debt service: 
Principal 
Interes t 
Total expenditures 
h:cess resources al/er expenditures 
OTHER FINANCING SOURCES (USES) 
Sale of copital assels 
Long term deb t issued 
Tronslers in 
Transfers out 
Total other financing $Curces (uses) 
Iron Bridge Tax Increment Financing Debt Fund 
For the Yeor Ended December 31, 2013 
Orlglnal Budget final Budget 
• 
62,600 • 62,600 
62,600 62,600 
42,750 42,750 
42,750 42.750 
19,850 19,850 
Excess (deficiency) of revenues and other sources 
over (undef) expenditures and other uses 19,850 19,650 
Other cha nges In fund balonce 
Prior period adjus tment 
Fund Balance _ beginning 58.<00 58.400 
Fund Balance _ ending 
• 76,250 • 
78,250 
Actual 
• 
90,860 
90,860 
90,860 
142.7501 
(42,7501 
46.110 
58.<00 
• 106,510 
Vallanc e with Final 
Budgel-Pos1t1l/e 
(Negative) 
• 
28,260 
28,260 
42,750 
42,750 
71.010 
(42,750) 
1 42.750) 
26,260 
• 28.260 
City of Spokane 
 
200 Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 
 
 
  
Combining Stotement of Revenue s. Expenditures. ond Chonges In Fund Sotonce 
Budget ond Actuol 
RESOURCES 
Taxes 
l.lcenses and permits 
Intergovernmental 
Charges for serv;ces 
Fines and lorfeHures 
Miscellaneous 
Toial resource s 
EXPENDITURES 
General gavernmenl 
Public safety 
Utilities enviranmenl 
Transportation 
Economic enviranmen l 
Men Ial and physical hea lth 
Culture and recreatkln 
Capitalou llay 
Debl service: 
Pnncipal 
Inlerest 
Total expe nditure s 
Excess resources over expenditures 
OTHER FINANCING SOURCES (USES) 
Sale of capito l ossets 
Long term debl issued 
Transle~ in 
Transle~ aul 
Tolal othel" IInanclng source s (use s) 
University District locol Revltoillotion Debt Fund 
For the Yeor Ended December 31. 2013 
Original 8udget Final Budgel 
, 250.000 , 250.000 
250.000 250.000 
250.000 250.000 
(224.656) (224.656) 
(224.6S6) (224.656) 
Excen (dellclency) 01 revenue s and alher sources 
over (und er) expenditures and oTher uses 2S.344 25.344 
OTher changes In lund bolance 
Prior period adjuslmen l 
Fund 80lan ce • beginning 110,915 110.915 
fund Balance· ending , 136,259 , 136.259 
Actual 
, 259.457 
2S9,457 
259.457 
(224.656) 
(224.656) 
34.801 
110.91S 
, 145.716 
Variance with Final 
8udgel-Poslliv e 
(Negative) 
, 9,457 
9,457 
9.457 
9.457 
• 
9,457 
C-103City of Spokane 
 
Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 201 
 
 
  
Combining Statement 01 Revenue s, Expenditures, and Changes In fund Balance 
Budget and Actua l 
Non Major Debt Service Funds 
For the Year Ended December 31, 2013 
Orlglnol Budge t final Budget Actual 
RESOURCES 
TO K e~ , 13.3'19.704 , 13.399.704 , 13.346.826 
Licenses and permits 
Intergovernmenla l 548.266 548.266 545.599 
Charges for services 
Fines and forteitures 
Miscellaneous "".000 990.0CKl UXl9.319 
Totol resources 14.937.970 14.937.970 14.901.744 
EXPENDITURES 
Genera l governmen t 10.500 19.371 5.(>87 
Public safety 
Utilities environment 
Transpor lation 
Economic environmenl 
Mental and physical health 
Cultu re and rec reation 
Capilaloullay 
Debt service: 
Principal 11.325.024 11.325.024 10.925.0CKl 
Interest 11.367.774 11.367.77 4 7.755.389 
Total expenditures 22.703. 298 22.712.169 18.685.476 
Excen re$Qurces over expenditure s (7.765.328) (7.774.199) (3.783,732) 
OTHER fl NANC tNG SOURCES (USES) 
Sale of capilal osseh 
Long term debt issued 
Transfers in 5,148.147 7.277.1 47 5.211,346 
Transfers oul (624.656) (2.753.656) (1.224.9 19) 
Total other financing $QUfces (uses) 4.523.49 1 4.523.491 3.986.427 
Excess (dellcle ncy) of reve nues and ather $Qurces 
aver (u nder) expenditure s and other uses (3.241.837) 13.250.708) 202.695 
Other changes In lund batance 
Prior period adjustment 
Fund Balance - beginning 5.912.426 5.912.426 5.9 12.426 
fund Balance - ending , 2.670.589 , 2.661.718 , 6. \ 15.121 
Variance with final 
Budg et·Pasltlv e 
(Ne gative) 
, (52.878) 
(2.667) 
19.319 
(36.226) 
14.284 
400.024 
3.612.385 
4.026.693 
3.990 .467 
(2.065.80 1) 
1.528,737 
(537.064) 
3.453.403 
, 3.453.403 
City of Spokane 
 
202 Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
This page intentionally left blank. 
  
C-104City of Spokane 
 
Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 203 
 
 
Nonmajor 
Capital Project Funds 
 
 
Capital Projects Funds account for financial re sources that are restricted or committed to 
expenditures for the acquisition, construction, or improvement of City facilities and road 
infrastructure.  Capital Projects Funds are described below. 
 
Improvement Project Cost Fund 2001 
Improvement Project Cost Fund – 2001 accounts fo r monies received from note proceeds to be 
used for various capital projects including the Combined Communication Center, City Hall 
improvements, and a telephone system. 
 
Fire Improvement Fund 
The Fire Improvement Fund accounts for capital improvements for fire protection purposes. 
 
General Capital Improvement Fund 
The General Capital Improvement Fund is used as a reserve for general government capital repairs 
and maintenance projects. 
 
Arterial Street Fund 
The Arterial Street Fund accounts for the development of the arterial street system within the City. 
 
City Hall Acquisition and Improvement Fund 
The City Hall Acquisition and Improvement Fund accounts for improvements to the City's municipal 
building. 
 
Capital Projects Construction Fund 
The Capital Projects Construction Fund accounts for monies received from proceeds of general 
obligation bonds and notes, state and federal grants, contributions and donations from private 
sources to be used for the payment for the cost of capital projects. 
 
Capital Improvements 1999 Fire Fund 
The Capital Improvements - 1999 Fire Fund accounts for monies received from bond proceeds to 
be used to acquire new engines and ladder trucks, purchase prot ective clothing and breathing 
apparatus, and relocate one station and continue work on a joint training and maintenance facility. 
 
Capital Improvements 1999 Park Fund 
The Capital Improvements – 1999 Park Fund accounts for monies received from bond proceeds to 
be used for the construction of two new neighborhood parks, one new community park, 
consolidation of citywide park maintenance shops and various repair and restoration projects. 
 
  
City of Spokane 
 
204 Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 
 
Capital Improvements 2003 Streets Fund 
The Capital Improvements – 2003 Streets Fund accounts for monies received from bond proceeds 
to be used for the maintenance and construction of various streets within the City. 
 
Capital Improvements 2004 Streets Fund 
The Capital Improvements – 2004 Streets Fund accounts for monies received from bond proceeds 
to be used for the maintenance and construction of various streets within the City. 
 
Capital Improvements 2008 Parks Fund 
The Capital Improvements – 2008 Parks Fund accounts for monies received from bond proceeds to 
be used for the development, construction, or improvement of City park and recreational facilities 
and related infrastructure. 
 
Capital Improvement 1995 Fund 
The Capital Improvements - 1995 Fund accounts for monies received from bond proceeds to be 
used for improvements to the City’s Entertainment Facilities and for the construction and installation 
of a Geographic Information System. 
 
Capital Improvements 1999 Fund 
The Capital Improvements - 1999 Fund accounts for monies received from bond proceeds to be 
used to repay bond anticipation notes used for street improvements, design of the Operations 
Complex, improvements to Qualchan golf course, and the purchase of street maintenance 
equipment. 
 
Kendall Yards TIF (Tax Increment Financing) Fund 
The Kendall Yards TIF Fund accumulates property taxes related to improved property contained 
in the Kendall Yards Sub-Area of the West Quadra nt Tax Increment Area.  These funds will be 
accumulated to pay for public infrastructure improvements in the Sub-Area. 
 
West Quadrant TIF (Tax Increment Financing) Fund 
The West Quadrant TIF Fund accu mulates property taxes related to improved property 
contained in the West Quadrant Tax Increment Area , other than property in the Kendall Yards 
Sub-Area.  These funds will be accumulated to pay for public infrastructure  improvements in the 
Area. 
 
University District LRF (Local Revitalization Financing) Fund 
The University District LRF Capital Projects Fund accounts for monies received from bond 
proceeds, as well as incremental sales and property taxes in the University District Local 
Revitalization Area.  These funds are used to pay  for public infrastructure improvements in the 
Area. 
  
C-105City of Spokane 
 
Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 205 
 
 
  
ASSETS 
COIh and cash equivalents 
Deposits with fiscal agentsf t rvst~ 
Equity in pooled investments 
Taxes receivable 
Accounts rec~vable 
Interest receivable 
Due tram other funds 
lntertund loon receivable 
Due from other governments 
Advances to other funds 
Inventories 
Notes/controct rec~vable (non currentl 
Total Assets 
liABILITIES AND NET POSITION 
Uobll~ies : 
Accovnls/vouchers payable 
Due 1 0 alher funds 
Due to other governments 
Revenues collected in advance 
Interfund loon payable 
Other accrued 1iobi~ l>es 
Other current Iiobi@es 
Deferred inflow of resovrces 
Total Llab/lales 
Fund Balonce: 
Nonspendoble 
Restricted for: 
Inventooes 
Capitol P rojects 
Commifted 
Assigned 
Tolal Fund 8alonce 
Combining Balance Sheet 
Non Major Capital Projects Funds 
December 31 , 2013 
Impi'ovement Fire General Cap1iol 
Project Cost 2001 Impi'ovemenl Impi'ovements 
I 35.196 I 20.153 I <0,000 
340.190 
12.535 
>J7 
2.777 
3.9A7 
19.555 
35.196 :m.36~ 40.00::1 
1,276 
1.879 
<.2OS 
7,360 
23.502 
321,481 <0,000 
35.196 47.021 
I 35,196 I 392.004 I <0,000 
continued 
City HoM Cap1lal Projects Arterial Street Acquls1iion L Construcllon Improvement 
I 896.626 I I 
5A6.989 625 
209.893 
793.524 
'" 133.326 25 
6.349 2 
1.813.985 
31A57 10 
4.432,583 662 
1,218.057 3 
157,395 2 
(IOj 
1.712.808 
3.088.250 5 
37,006 12 
1.306.527 6" 
I 1,344,333 $ I 657 
City of Spokane 
 
206 Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 
 
 
  
Combining Balance Sheet 
Non Major Capltat ProJects funds 
December 31, 2013 
conlinued 
Copllol Copllal Special Copikll Copllal Copllal 
Improvernenh Improvemenb Assenrnem Improvemenls Improvernenh ImlXovements 
1999f1fe 1999 Parkl ConstrucHon 2003 Slreel! 2004 Slreel! 2008 Parkl 
ASSETS 
Cosh 000 cash equivalenh , , , , I , 
Deposits wilh fISCal agerlts/tMtees 
EqlJity irl pooled irlveslmerlts 1.997 1.881.340 20.579.922 639.810 
Taxes receivable 
Accaunls receivable IS 3.983 1.545 
Interesl receivable 1.~92 1094 458 
Due from olher fuoos 2 118.894 
Inferfund loon receivoble 21.839 238.103 7.400 
Due from othet govemmenls 
Advances 10 othet funds 108.206 1.179.730 36.667 
Invenlories 
Noles/conlract receivable 11\011 cwent) 
10101 A.ssels 1.997 2.012.89~ 22.135.026 685.880 
LIABIlITIES A.ND NEl POSIllON 
Liabilities: 
Accounts/Voochers payable 951 122 964,410 181 
Ove 10 other lunds 98.1~1 
Due to other governments 
Revenues collecled in odvance 
Interfund loon payable 
Diner accrued Iiot)tities 
OIllet current Iiobi~ties 
"" Deferred inflow of resources 
Total tloblfrtiel 951 122 1.062.551 687 
Fund Bolonce: 
Nonspendable 130,045 IAI7.833 44.067 
Restricted for. 
Inventories 
Coptal Projech 1.046 1.862.727 15.839.179 545.459 
CommiHed 
Assigned 3.815.463 95.667 
Toial Fund Bolonce , 1.046 , I , 2.012.772 I 21.072.475 , 685.193 
C-106City of Spokane 
 
Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 207 
 
 
  
ASSETS 
Cosh and cosh eqlJivalenls 
Deposits with FISCal agents/trustees 
Equity in pooled investments 
Taxes receivable 
Accounts rece;vabte 
Interest receivable 
Due from other tunds 
Inlerlund loon receivable 
Due from other governments 
Advonces to other lunds 
Inventories 
Notes/conlroct receivable (flOn current) 
Tolal Al$eb 
LIABILITIES AND NET POSITION 
Liabilities: 
Accounts/vouchoo payable 
Due to other funds 
Due to olher governments 
Revenues collecled in advance 
Interlund loon payable 
Other accrued Iiobilrties 
Other current IiobiUies 
Deferred inflow of resources 
Total l iObililles 
Fund Balance: 
Nonspendabie 
Restricted fOf: 
Inventories 
Capitol Proiecls 
Committed 
As~ned 
Toiol fund Balance 
Combining Balance Sheet 
Non Major Capital ProJects Funds 
December 31, 2013 
Capltat Capitol Kendall Yards 
Improvements Improvements lox Increment 
1995 1999 Financing 
, ~9,666 , I 51,9~2 
184,809 
" '" 
2.137 
97.836 
10,589 
~9,666 295.485 52.008 
67 
67 
12.726 
65.727 51.941 
49,666 197.Q32 
, 49,666 S 295.485 , 51.941 
concluded 
West Qoodlant University District 
lox inclement local Totol 
financing RevHoJizotian 
, 218,208 , 29,826 S 1,341.617 
24,175,682 
6,113 1.179 217.251 
811.716 
16.985 
255.025 
279,777 
1.911.821 
1,386.214 
22022 31.005 30.396.088 
1.026 2.186,026 
257,417 
(10) 
1.117,519 
5,168 
'" 
6,114 
6,194 879 4,167,066 
1.665.'191 
192,3B9 30"26 20,297,247 
25.739 4.265.784 
S 218,128 S 30,126 S 26.229,022 
City of Spokane 
 
208 Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 
 
 
  
Combining Statement of Revenues, Expendllures, and Changes In fund Balance 
Non Major Copltol ProJech funds 
For the Flscol Year Ended December 31, 2013 
ImPfovement r" General Cop~ol 
Project Cost 2001 ImPfovement Improvements Arierlal Sireei 
REVENUES 
T axes 
• , • • , 
licenses and pennits 2."" 
Inlergavernmental 258.655 6.135.361 
Charges for services 16.712 282.766 
Fines and forfeitures 
Miscellaneous 239.047 
Interest income 3.109 5.244 
Net in<:reme (decrease) in fair value of investment; (3.318! 15.105! 
Total Revenues 275.158 6.659.313 
EXPENDITURES 
Current. 
General gc·vernment 
Public sofety 299.393 
Uti~ties envronment 
'romporlo ton m.soo 
Economic envronment 
Mental and ph~ol hea lth 
Culture and recreation 
Cop~al outlays 53.991 9.727,655 
Deblservlce: 
Principal 209.771 
Interest 6.932 
Total Expend~!Hes 353.384 10.943.858 
Exccn of Revenuci Ovcr (Under) bpend~ures (78.226) W284.545) 
OTHER fiNANCING SOURCES (USES) 
Sale of co~itol assets 1.633.346 
Long tefm debt issue<! 
Transfers in 
Transfers out ! 1.3XtOOOI 
Tolol Other finonclng Sources (Uses) 333.346 
Change In Fund Balance (78,226) (3.951.1991 
Other Changes In Fund 80lonce 
Prior period adjustment 
fund Balance· beginning (resloled) 35.196 470.230 40.000 5.295,532 
Fund Bolonce· ending 
• 
35.196 , 392.004 , 40.000 , 1.344.333 , 
Con tinued 
City Hall Capitol Projects AcqulsHlon' ConslrucHon ImPfovemenl 
, 
(118) 
(118) 
'" 
687 
(687) !l18) 
(687) (1 18) 
687 775 
, '" 
C-107City of Spokane 
 
Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 209 
 
 
  
Combining Statement 01 Revenues, Expenditures, and Changes In Fund Balance 
Non Major Capitol Projects Funds 
Far the F iscal Year Ended December 31, 2013 
Copilol Copilol Special Copllol Copllol 
Impro veme nts ImprQ\leme nts Alseumenl ImprQ\lemenil Improv ements 
If99flre t919 ~orks Construction 2003 Streets 2004 Streets 
REVENUES 
Taxes $ $ $ $ $ 
Ucenses and permits 
Intefgavernmenta l 
Charges fOf seMces 
Fines al'ld forleitures 
MiscelianeQVS 
Intefest income 18,10t 213.065 
Net increase (decrease) tn far value of investments (17.867) (194.244! 
Totot Revenues 
'" 
18.821 
EXPENDITURES 
Currenl: 
Genefo l govefnme nt 
Pubic safety 
Utilities envronment 
TransporIa t>on 
'" 
306.962 
Ecanomic envronment 
Menia l and ph~a l health 
Cu lture and recreolloo 
Copilot oulloys 8.697.927 
Oebt sefVlce: 
Prindpal 
Interest 
10101 hpend~ures '26 9.004.88\1 
Excess of Revenues Ovef (Under) ExpendHures 13921 18.986.068) 
OTHER f iNANCING SOURCES (USES) 
Sale af capital assels 
Lang term debt issued 
Transfers in 
Iransfef5 ou t [Ill! (1,586.763) 
totol Other fInancing SoUfCes (Uses) Plll p.586.7(3) 
Change In fund Balance [111) (392) (10.572.831) 
Oilier Changes In fund SolGnce 
Prior period adjustment 
fund Balance· beginning (re$laled) 
""" 
0 
'" 
2.013.16-4 31.645.306 
fund Balance· ending $ 1,046 $ $ $ 2.012.772 $ 21.072.475 
ConNnued 
Copllol 
Improv eme nts 
2008 Porks 
$ 
1.545 
H)95 
16.126) 
1486) 
317.838 
317,838 
(318.3241 
(318.324) 
1.003.517 
$ 685.193 
City of Spokane 
 
210 Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 
 
 
  
Combining Statement of Revenues. Expenditures . and Changes in Fund Balance 
Non Major Capital Projects Funds 
For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31. 2013 
CapHal Capital KendaH YordS Weft GUOdrant UnlvefSlIy Dlstrlcl 
Impiavemenb ImprClYemenls Tax Incremenl Tax Increment local 
1995 1999 Financing Financing RevHolizatlon 
REVENUES 
Taxes 
• , , 27J1N , 52.827 • 20.964 
Licenses am::! pemits 
Intergovemmenla l 97 .8J6 
Charges lor services 
Fines 000 lorle ih .• 'es 
Miscella neavs 
Interest income 2,215 
Net increase (decrease) in 1<* va lue 01 "westmen!> (L7871 
Total Revenue. 98,264 27,094 52,827 20.964 
EXPENDITURES 
Curren!: 
General government 
Pub~c sole ly 
Utilities enwonment 
Transportation 98 
Ecanol'Jjc enwonment 
Mental and physical heallh 
Cui lura and recreation 
CapHal oulloy~ 2,232 111.812 62.416 
Debt laNlce: 
Principa l 
Interesl 
Toiol ExpendHures 2,232 111.813 62.514 
Excess 01 Reyenues Over {Under} hpend~ures 12.232) (13.549) 27/1f 4 )9.667) 20.964 
OTHEk FINANCING SOURCES fUSES} 
Sale 01 capi tol ossels 
long term debt issued 
Transfers in 
Transfers aul 
Toiol Olher Flnonclng Sources (Uses) 
Chonge III Fund 1I0lance (2.232( (13,549) 27,094 (9,687) 20,964 
Other Chonges In fund 8olonce 
Prior period adjustment 
fund Balance· beginning (restated) 51.898 309.03< 24.847 227,815 9.162 
hrnd Bolonce · ending , 49.666 
• 
295.485 
• 
51.941 • 218.128 , ~,126 
Concluded 
Tolal 
S 100.885 
'.m 
6.491.852 
299,478 
240.592 
245.111 
(228.447) 
7,152.071 
." 
299.393 
I,J07.187 
18,973.871 
209.771 
6,932 
20,797.841 
(13.&45.710) 
1.H3,346 
!2.88U74 i 
(1.253.528) 
{14,899,298} 
41 .128.320 
$ 26,229,022 
C-108City of Spokane 
 
Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 211 
 
 
  
Combining Statement of Revenues, Expenditures , and Changes In Fund Balance 
Budget and Actual 
Improvement Project Cost 2001 Fund 
Forthe Year Ended December 31. 2013 
Origi nal Budget Final Budget Actual 
RESOURCES 
Ta ~ e~ 
• , , 
UCenses and permi t ~ 
Intergovernmental 
C harges for sarvice~ 
fine~ and forfeitures 
Miscellaneous 
Tolal resources 
EXPENDITURES 
Genera l governmen t 
Public safely 
Ulilities environment 
T ransporta tion 
Economic environment 
Mental and physical heotth 
Cu lture and recreation 
Copitot oullay 35,196 
Debt service: 
Princ ipal 
Intere st 
Total e~pendllures 35.196 0 
Excen rerources over e~pendl tu, es (35.196) 0 
OTHER FINANCtNG SOURCES (USES) 
Sale of capi tol assets 
long t .. "" d .. l>t i •• uttd 
Trans fers in 
Tronsfef3 out 
Tolal other finan cing sources (uses) 
EKcen (deficiency) of revenues and other sources 
ave< (unde<) expendllures and other uses (35.196) 
Other changes In lund balance 
Prior period adjustmen t 
fund Balanc e _ beginning 35.196 35.196 35.196 
fund Balance - ending 
• 
35.196 • • 35.196 
Variance with Final 
Budget.Pa sltlv e 
(Negative) 
• 
35.196 
35.196 
35.196 
35.196 
• 
35.196 
City of Spokane 
 
212 Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 
 
 
  
Combining Stotement of Revenue s. Expenditures. and Changes In Fund Bolance 
Budget and Actua l 
Fire Improvement Fund 
For the Yeor Ended December 31, 2013 
Original Budget fined Budget ActuClt 
RESOURCfS 
Taxes $ $ $ 
Licenses and permits 
Intergovemmenlal 30(J.()04 258.655 
Charges lor services 16.7 12 
Fines and forfeitvres 
M iscellaneous 1209) 
lolol, esources 300,00< 275.158 
EXPENOITURfS 
General government 
Pub lic salely 297.582 299.393 
Utilities environment 
Transportation 
Economic env~onmen l 
Men ial and phy$iCal hea lth 
Cu lture and rec reotion 
Capito l outlay 350,000 352.422 53.991 
Deb l service : 
Principal 
Interest 
Total expe ndltul es 350.000 650,00< 353.384 
Excess re50urces ov~ e xpendi ture s 1350.0001 1 350.0001 178.226) 
OTHER fiNANCING SOURCES (USeS) 
Sale of capital ossels 
Long lerm debt issued 
Transfers in 
Transfers out 
Toiol olher Iinondng sources (uses) 
Excen (dellcl ency) 01 revenue s and othe l sour ces 
over (under) expendllUles Clnd other uses (350.000) (350.000) (78.226) 
Olhe r c hang es In lund balance 
Prior period adjuslmenl 
fund Balance - beginning 470.230 470.230 470.230 
Fund Balance _ endi ng $ 120.230 $ 120.230 , 392.004 
Vorlunce with final 
Sudgel-Posltlve 
(Negative) 
$ 
141.349) 
16.712 
12091 
124.846) 
(1.811 ) 
298,431 
296.620 
271.77 4 
271.774 
$ 27 1.774 
C-109City of Spokane 
 
Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 213 
 
 
  
Combining S tatement of Revenues , Expenditures, and Chan ges In Fund Bola nce 
Budge t and Actua l 
RESOURCES 
Taxes 
licenses ond parmi l s 
In lergovemmental 
Charges for sefVices 
Fines and torlei lures 
Miscellaneous 
Totol resource s 
EXPENDITURES 
General government 
Public solety 
Ulilities envifonment 
Transpor lotion 
Economic envifonmen l 
Mental ond ph%icol heo lth 
Cultu re on d recreolion 
Copi lOlou lloy 
Debl service: 
Principa l 
Interest 
Total e xpenditure s 
hcen resourc es ov er e Kpendlture s 
OTHER fiNAN CING SOURCES (USES) 
Sole o f copitol ossels 
long lerm debt issued 
Transfers In 
T ra nsters out 
Total other finan c ing sources (use s) 
General Capita l Improvement s Fund 
For the Year Ended Decemb er 31, 2013 
Orig inal 8udget flnol Budget 
• • 
<0.000 40.000 
<0.000 <0.000 
h cen (deficien cy) of rev enues and other sourc es 
over (und er) e xpenditur e s and olher uses 40.000 <0.000 
Oth er c hanges in fund balan c e 
Prior pariod adjusl m en l 
fund Balanc e· beginning 40.000 40.000 
fund Balon ce • en ding $ 80.000 • 80.000 
Actual 
• 
40.000 
• 40.000 
vorlgnce with flnol 
Budget . Posltlve 
(Negative) 
• 
(40.0001 
(40.000) 
(40.0001 
• !4O.oool 
City of Spokane 
 
214 Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 
 
 
  
Combin in g Stat ement of Revenues, Expenditu res, and Changes in Fund Salance 
Budget and Actua l 
Arteria l Street Fund 
for the Year Ended December 31 , 2013 
Original Budget Final Budge t Aclual 
RESOURCES 
Taxes • • • 
licenses and permils 2.000 
Intergovernmenlol 18.585<""195 23.277.560 6.135.361 
Charges for services 282.766 
Rnes and IQrfeHures 
Miscellaneous 833.148 833. 148 239.186 
Toiol resource s 19.418.643 24.110.708 6.659.313 
EXPENOIIURES 
Generol government 
Public safety 
Ulililies environmen t 50.000 "'.000 
Tronsportahon 1.353.395 1.320.65 4 999.50\ 
Economic environment 
Men tal and phys4col heolth 
Cullure and recreation 
Capitol outlay 21.150.258 26.567.652 9.727.656 
Debt .arvic a: 
Principal 294.444 294.444 209.771 
Inlerest 17.076 17.076 6.932 
Total e xpenditure s 22.865.173 28.249.826 10.943.860 
Excess resources aver expenditur es P.446.5301 (4.139.118) 14.284.5471 
OTHER fiNANCING SOURCES (USES) 
Sale of capi tol assets 1.633.346 
lang lerm debt issued 
Transfef$ in 4.416.480 4.947.965 
Transtef$ out ( , .300.0(0) (1.300.0001 (1.300.000) 
Tolal othe' financing source s (uses) 3.116.480 3.647.965 333.346 
Excen (deficiency) of ' evenues and other sources 
over (under) expenditures and other uses (330,050) (491.153) (3.951.201) 
Olh er changes fn fund balance 
Prior period adjus tment 
fund Balan ce _ beginning 5.295.532 5.295.532 5.295.532 
fund 8afanc e • en ding , 4.965<""182 , 4.804.379 • l.344.331 
Vorlonc e with flnol 
Budget -Positive 
(Negative) 
• UlOO 
(l7.142.1'fi) 
282.766 
1593.9(2) 
(17.451.395) 
"'.000 
321.153 
16.839.'fi6 
84.673 
10.144 
17.305.966 
(145.429) 
1.633.346 
(4.947.965) 
(3.314.619) 
(3.460.048) 
• !3.460.0481 
C-110City of Spokane 
 
Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 215 
 
 
  
Combining Statement of Revenues, Expenditure s, ond Changes In Fund Balance 
Budget and Actuat 
City Hall Acquisition Fund 
For the Yea r Ended December 31 . 2013 
Orlglnol8udget Final 8udgel Actual 
RESOURCES 
Taxes • • • 
Ucenses ond permi l\ 
Intergovernmen tal 
Charges for seNices 
Fines and forf eilure~ 
Misc e llaneous 
Toto t resour c e s 
EXPEN01TURU 
General government '.000 '.000 OS, 
Public ~o f ety 
Utilities environmen t 
Transpor tation 
Economic environment 
M ental and physica l health 
Cu ll ure and recreation 
Capi ta l oullay 
Deb t service: 
Principal 
Inter e st 
Total e J!pendlfur e s '.000 '.000 OS, 
ElIcelS resourc e s over eJ!pendltur es !7.8OO) (7.800) (687) 
OTHER fiNAN CING SOURCES (USES) 
Sole 01 capito l assets 
Long term debt issued 
Tra nsfers in 
Transfers oul 
Toio l other financing soulc e s (use s) 
hcen (dell clenc y) ot levenue s ond ather soulces 
OVe!' (under) eJ!pendl lures and other uses (7.800) (7.800) (687) 
Olher change s In lund balance 
Prior period odjustm enl 
Fund 8alan c e _ beginning 
'" OS, OS, 
Fund 8alonce • ending • V·113! • V·'13! $ 
Vorlonc e with Final 
8udget -Posllive 
(Negol1ve) 
• 
7J t3 
7. ' '3 
7.113 
7.1 13 
$ 7,113 
City of Spokane 
 
216 Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 
 
 
  
Combining Statement of Revenues, Expenditu res, and Changes In Fund Balance 
Budget and Actua l 
Capito l Projects Construction Fund 
For the Year Ended December 31, 2013 
Orlglnal Budget final Budget Actual 
RESOURCES 
Taxes , , , 
licenses and permits 
Inlergovernmenta l 
Charges for services 
F ines and forfeitures 
M iscellaneous 
""'" ""'" 
[\ 181 
Total resources 
""'" ""'" 
(l18) 
EXPENDITURES 
General government 
Public safefy 
Utilities environmen t 
Transportation 
Economic environment 
Mental and physical health 
Cullure and recrea tion 
Copi tal outlay 67,000 67.000 
Debt service: 
Principal 
Interest 
Total eKpendltures 67,CXX1 67,CXX1 
Exces s resour ces over expe nditures 16S,500) 165.5001 (l18) 
OTHER fINANC ING SOURCES (USES) 
Sale of copitol ossets 
Long term debt issued 
Transfers in 
Transfers oul 
Tota l other flnone1ng sources (uses) 
Excess (deficiency) 01 revenues and other sources 
over (under) expenditures and other uses (65,500) (65,500) (118) 
Other changes In fund bolonce 
Prior period adjus tmen t 
fund Balanc e _ beginning 
'" '" 
775 
fund Balance _ ending , !64,7251 , !64,7251 • '" 
Varlonce with final 
Budget -Positive 
(Negative) 
, 
(1,618) 
(l,6181 
67,CXX1 
67,000 
65.382 
65,382 , 65,382 
C-111City of Spokane 
 
Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 217 
 
 
  
Combining Stotement 01 Revenues, E:xpendlture s, and Changes In Fund Balance 
Budget and Actuol 
RESOURCES 
Taxe5 
Ucen~e~ ond permits 
Intergovernmen lal 
Charges tor services 
Fines and forfeitures 
Miscellaneous 
10101 resources 
EXPENDITURES 
General government 
Publ'" safely 
Ulilities environmenl 
Transpor l o tion 
Economic environment 
Men ial and physical health 
Cultvre and reereolian 
Capital outlay 
Debt service: 
Principal 
Inleresl 
Toial e~ p end llures 
Excess resources over e~pe ndllur es 
OTHER FINANCING SOURCES (USES) 
Sale of capitol ossels 
Long lerm debt iuue d 
Tronsle($ in 
TransfefS ou l 
Toial other IInoncing sot." ces (u$<'!$) 
Capital Improvements 1999 Fire Fund 
For the Year E:nded December 31 , 2013 
Odgln ol Budget Final Budget 
• • 
1.050 .. "'" 
.. "'" 1.050 
11.050) 11.050) 
Excess (del1clency) of rev enues and other sources 
over (under) expenditures Clnd other U$<'!S 11.050) (1.050) 
other cho nges! n lund balance 
Prior penod adjustment 
fund Balance· beginn ing 1.046 1.046 
Fund Balanc e · e nding , 141 • 14! 
Aelual 
• 
1.046 
, 1.046 
Var iance with final 
Budget . Posltlve 
(Negative) 
, 
1.050 
.. "'" 
.. "'" 
1.050 
• .."'" 
City of Spokane 
 
218 Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 
 
 
  
Combining Statement 01 Revenues, Expenditures, and Changes In Fund Balance 
Budget and Actua l 
RESOURCES 
Taxes 
licenses and permits 
Intergovernmenlal 
Charges to( sefV>ces 
fines and forfeitures 
Miscella neous 
Totol re$Ource s 
EXPENDITURES 
General government 
Public safely 
Utilities environment 
Transpor tation 
Economic environment 
Mento l and physical heallh 
Cultu re and recrea~on 
Capi taloullay 
Debl service: 
Principal 
Interest 
Totol expenditures 
Excess resources over expenditure s 
OTHER FINANCING SOURCES (USES) 
Sale of capitol assels 
Long term debl issued 
Transfers in 
Transfers ovt 
Total other IInanclng sources (uses) 
Capital Improvements 1999 Parks Fund 
For the Year Ended December 31, 2013 
Original Budget final Budget 
• • 
Excess (dellc1 ency) ot revenues ond other sources 
over (under) expenditures and othef uses 
other chonge s In lund balance 
Prior period adjustmen t 
Fund Bolonee _ beginning 
Fund Bolonce - ending • • 
Actual 
• 
• 
Variance with final 
Budget -Positive 
(Negallve) 
• 
, 
C-112City of Spokane 
 
Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 219 
 
 
 
  
Combini ng statement of Revenues, Expenditures, and Chonges In Fund Balance 
Budget and Actua l 
RESOURCES 
Taxes 
Licenses and permi ls 
Inte<gavemmental 
Cha rges fa.- services 
Fines and forleitures 
Miscelloneaus 
Tal<;11 resources 
EXPENDITURES 
General gavemment 
Public sofefy 
Utilities environment 
Tronsportatian 
Economic env~onment 
Mental and physical hoo lth 
Culture and recrea tion 
Capitol aultay 
Debt service; 
Princ ipal 
Interest 
Toiol expendHur e s 
Excess resources over expenditures 
OTHER FINANCING SOURCES (USES) 
Sale of cap lal assets 
Long term debt issued 
Transfers in 
Transfers out 
Toiol olher Ilnandng lou,ces (uses) 
Special Assessment Construction Fund 
For the Year Ended December 31 , 2013 
Original Budg et Final Budget 
, $ 
1,'100,000 3,529,000 
JO()()() 30.000 
1,'130,000 3.559.000 
JI.430.ooo) (3.559.000) 
1.430.000 1,'130,000 
2. 129,000 
1.430.DOO 3.559.000 
Excess (deficiency) of revenues and olher sOurces 
ove r (under) expendllur es and 011'181' uses 
Other change s In lund balanc e 
Prior period adjustment 
Fund Balanc e · beginning (re5l0too) 
'" '" 
Fund Balance· ending • '" 
$ 
'" 
Aclual 
• 
(111 ) 
Jll1) 
[111 ) 
'" 
• 
varlonce willi final 
Budget.Pasltlv e 
(Negativ e) 
• 
3,529 .000 
30.000 
3.559,000 
3.559.000 
(1.430.000) 
J2,129 .ooo) 
(Ill ) 
(3,559.11!j 
(111) 
• Illl! 
City of Spokane 
 
220 Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 
 
 
  
Combining Stotement of Revenues , Expenditures, ond Chonge$ In fund Bolonc e 
Budget ond Actuol 
Copilollmprovements 2003 streets fund 
for the Year Ended December 31, 2013 
Original Budget Final Budget Actual 
RESOURCES 
Toxes 
• , • licenses and permils 
Intergovernmental 
Chorges 10< services 
Fines and forfeitures 
Misce llaneous 00.000 00.000 
'" 
Totol resources 00.000 00.000 ,,, 
EXPENDITURES 
General government 
PubOc safety 
Utilities environmenl 
Tronsporlo lion 
'" Economic enwonment 
Mental and physical health 
Cultu re and recreation 
Copi lolou Tloy 1.5OO.(l(XI 1.5OO.(l(XI 
DeblseMce: 
Principal 
Intaresl 
Tolal expenditures 1.500.(X)J 1.5OO.(l(XI 
'" 
Excess resources over expenditure s (i.45O·(l(XI1 p ,45O,(l(XI) (392) 
OTHER FINANCtNG SOURCES (USES) 
Sale 01 capi to l ossets 
Long larm debt ~sued 
Tronsfers in 
Tronsfers out (400.(l(XI) ( 400,(l(XI) 
Total other financing lOurCe t (use s) (400.000) (400.(00) 
bcelS (detlclency) of reVenUes and other sources 
over (under) expend~ures and other uses (1.850.000) (1.850.(l(XI) (392) 
Other chongesln lund balance 
Prior period adjustment 
Fund Balance· beginning 2.0 13.164 2.013.164 2.0 13.16 4 
fund Balance· ending 
• 
163.16-4 , 163.164 
• 
2.012.772 
Variance wllh Final 
Budget·Pos~lYe 
(Negallve) 
• 
(-49.766) 
(49.7661 
(626) 
1.500,000 
1.499.374 
1.449.608 
400,(l(XI 
400.000 
1.849.608 
• 
1.849.608 
C-113City of Spokane 
 
Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 221 
 
 
  
Combining Statement of Revenues, Expenditures, and Changes In Fund Balance 
Budget and Actual 
Copitol lmprovements 2004 Streets Fund 
For the Year Ended December 31,2013 
Or1glnal Budget Flnol Budg et Actual 
RESOURCES 
Taxes , , , 
Licenses and permits 
Intergovernmenlal 
Chorge~ for servic~ 
Fines and forleitures 
Miscellaneous 300.000 300.000 18.821 
Totol resources =.000 300.000 18.821 
EXPENDITURES 
Genefol govefnmen l 
PubliC safe ly 
Ulilities environment 
TrOMportOlion 17.500 306.960 
Economic enviranmenl 
Menial and physical hea lth 
Culture and recreation 
Capitol outlay 34.186.911 34,169,411 8.697.927 
Deb t service: 
Principal 
Interesl 
Tolot e~pe ndltures 34.186.911 34.186.911 9.00 4.887 
Excess resources ov~ expend iture s (33.886.9111 (33.886.911) (8.986.066) 
OTHER FINANCING SOURCES (USES) 
Sale of capi tal asset s 
Long term debt issued 
Transfers in 
Transfers oul 11.586.763) 
Toiol other IInoncing sources (use s) (1.586.763) 
Excess (deficiency) 01 revenues ond oIher sourc e s 
ov~ (under) expenditures ond other use s (33.886.91 II (33.886,9 \ 1) (10.572.829) 
other changes In lund bolonce 
Prior period adjustment 
Fund 8olonce • begi nning 31.645.306 3 1.645.306 31.64 5.306 
Fund 8olonce • ending 
• !2.241.6051 • 12.24 1.6051 • 21.072.477 
Vor1once with Final 
Budget· Posilive 
(Ne gotlve) 
, 
(281.179) 
(281.179) 
(289.460) 
25.471.484 
25.182.024 
24.900.845 
(1.586.763) 
(1.586.763) 
23.314.082 
, 23.3 14.082 
City of Spokane 
 
222 Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 
 
 
  
Combining Stat eme nt 01 Reven ues, expendi tur es, and Changes In Fund Balan ce 
Budget and Ac tual 
RESOURCES 
Taxes 
licenses and permits 
Intergovernmen tal 
Charges for seNices 
Fines ond loI'Iei tures 
Miscellaneous 
Total resourc es 
EXPENOITURES 
General government 
Public salety 
Utilities environment 
Transportation 
Economic environment 
Mentot and physical health 
Culture and recreation 
Capital outlay 
Debt service: 
Principal 
Interes t 
Total expendllures 
fxc en r eSOUrCes over expenditures 
OTHER f iNANCING SOURCES (USES) 
Sale of capi tol assets 
long term debt issued 
Transte<l in 
Transfers out 
Total other IInonclng sources (uses) 
Capital Improveme nts 2008 Parks Fund 
For the Year Ended December 31 , 2013 
Original Budg et Final Budget 
$ , 
0.000 0.000 
0.000 0.000 
200.000 1.044.532 
200.000 1.044.532 
1\94,(XXlJ ( 1.038,532J 
Excess (deficiency) 01 revenues and other sourc es 
over (under) expenditures and olh er uses 1\94.000) (1 .038.532) 
Other cho nges In fund balance 
Prior period adjustment 
fund Balance _ beginning 1.003.517 1.003.517 
f und Balance - e nding • 809.517 , (35.015 1 
Actual 
$ 
(4861 
(4861 
317.838 
317.838 
1318.3241 
[318.324) 
1.003.517 
• 685.193 
Varianc e with flnat 
Budget -Positive 
(Negative) 
• 
(6.486J 
(6.4861 
726.694 
726.694 
720.208 
720.208 
• 720.208 
C-114City of Spokane 
 
Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 223 
 
 
  
Combining Stotement 01 Reve nues , expenditu res, and Changes In Fund Balance 
Budget and Actual 
Copltol lmprovement s 1995 fund 
For the Yeor Ended December 31, 2013 
Orlglnol Budget flnol Budget Actuol 
RfSOURCfS 
Taxes • • • UCenses and permits 
Intergovernm ental 
Cha rges tor services 
Rnes and forfeitures 
Misce llaneous 
Tolell resources 
EXPENDITURES 
General government 
Public $<Itety 
Utilities en vironmen t 
Transportation 
Economic environmen t 
Mental and phy5ical health 
Culture and recrea tion 
COpitaloullay 5 1.898 2,232 
Debt service: 
Principal 
Interes t 
Total e xpendltUfes 51.898 2.232 
Excess resources over expenditures (51.898) (2.232) 
OTHER flNANC tNG SOURCES (USeS) 
Sale at capi tal assets 
Long term debt issued 
Transfers in 
Transfers ou l 
10tol other IInonclng sources (uses) 
Excess (dellclency) 01 revenues ond other sources 
over (undef) expenditures ond other uses 151.898) (2.232) 
Other changes In lund balance 
Prior period adjustment 
Fund Botonce • beginning 51.898 51.898 51.898 
fund Bolonce • ending 
• 51.898 • • 49.666 
Vorlonce with flnol 
Budget ·Posltlve 
(Negative) 
• 
49.666 
49.666 
49.666 
49.666 
• 49.666 
City of Spokane 
 
224 Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 
 
 
  
Combining Statement 01 Revenues. Expenditures. and Changes In Fund Balance 
Budget and Actua l 
Capllal lmpro vemenls 1999 fund 
For the Year Ended December 31 . 2013 
Original 8udget final 8udge! Actual 
RESOURCES 
Taxes , , , 
licenses and permi ts 
tntergovernmentOI 97.636 
Charges for se<Vices 
Fines and forfeitures 
Miscellaneous 
'" 
Talal reSOurCeS 98.264 
EXI'ENDlTURES 
General government 
Public safely 
Utitities env~onment 
Transportation 18.000 
Econom;c environment 
Menial and physical heo llh 
Culture and recrea tion 
Capital outlay 287.855 111.812 
Debt service: 
Principal 
Interes! 
Total expenditures 305.855 111.813 
Excess resource s over expenditures 1305.8551 11 3.5491 
OTHER fiNANCING SOURCES (UStS) 
Sale 01 capito l osse!s 
Long term deb t issued 
TronslefS in 
Transl9<"S out 
Toiol other IInondng sources (uses) 
Exceu (dellclency) of revenues ond othe< sources 
ave< (under) expenditures and other uses (305.855) (13.549) 
Other changes In fund balance 
Prior period adjustment 
Fund 8alonc e _ beginning 309.034 309.034 309.034 
Fund 8alance - ending , 309.034 , 3.179 • 295.485 
Variance wllh final 
8udget -l'asllive 
(NegatIYe) 
, 
97.836 
'" 
98.264 
17.999 
176.043 
194.042 
292.306 
292.306 
• 292.306 
C-115City of Spokane 
 
Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 225 
 
 
  
CombInI ng Stateme nt of Revenue s, Expe ndIture s, and Changes In fund Balanc e 
Budget and Actua l 
RESOURCES 
Taxes 
Ucenses and permi ts 
Inlergovernmentol 
Charges for se<'Vices 
Anes and forfeitures 
Miscellaneous 
Tolol resources 
EXPENDITURES 
General governm ent 
Public salety 
Utilities environmen t 
T ronsp<>rtalion 
Economic environmen t 
Menta l ond physical health 
Culture ond recreotion 
Capila l outlay 
Debt SeNk:e: 
Principal 
Interesl 
Toial expenditures 
Excess resources over expenditures 
OTHER FINANCING SOURCES (USES) 
Sale of copital assets 
Long term debt issued 
Tronsfers in 
Transfers oul 
Totol othef nnon clng sources (uses) 
Kenda ll Yards Tax Increment fInancin g Fund 
For the Ye ar Ended Decembe r 31, 2013 
Orlglno l 8udgel Flnol 8udget 
• 
20,,",, 
• 
20,,",, 
20,'"" 20,'"" 
50"'" 50,000 
50,000 50.000 
(29.800) (29.800) 
Exceu (dellc lenc y) of revenu es ond other sources 
over (undef) e xpe nditur es and other uses (29.800J (29.800J 
Other c hanges In fund balance 
Prior period Odjuslment 
fund Balance - beginning 24.847 24.847 
Fund 8010nce _ ending 
• 14,9531 • 14.9531 
Actual 
• 
27,093 
27.093 
27,093 
27.093 
24.847 
• 
5).940 
Vorlonce with Flnol 
Budget-Positive 
(NegotlYe) 
• 
6,893 
6.893 
50,000 
50,000 
56.893 
56,893 
• 56.893 
City of Spokane 
 
226 Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 
 
 
  
Combini ng Statement of Revenue5 , expenditures, and Change51 n Fund Bolance 
Budget and Actua l 
RESOURCeS 
Taxes 
Ucen~e$ and permits 
IntSfgavernmenta l 
Charges fO( services 
Fines and forfeitures 
Miscellaneous 
Totol resollfces 
EXPENDITURES 
General government 
Publk: salety 
Utilities erwi"onment 
Transportation 
Ecanomk: environmenl 
Menial and physical health 
Cullura and recreatkm 
Capita l au llay 
Debt service: 
Principal 
Intarast 
Toiol expe nditur es 
Excess resour ces over expendit ures 
OTHER fiNANCING SOURCES (USES) 
Sale of capital assets 
Long term dab t issued 
Transfers in 
Transfers out 
Tokl l other fina ncing sources (uses) 
West Quadrant Tax Incremen t Financing Fund 
Forthe Year Ended December 31, 2013 
Oflglno l Budgel final Budgel 
• 68.200 • 68.200 
68.= 68.200 
318.000 318.000 
318.000 318.000 
(249.800) (249.800) 
Excess (dellclencv) 01 revenues and other sources 
OVef (under) expenditu res ond other uses (249.800) (249.800) 
Other chonges In lund balance 
Prior pefIocI adjustment 
fund Bolance • beginning 227.815 227.8\5 
fund Bolance • ending , 12 1.9851 • (21.985 1 
Actual 
• 
52.827 
52.827 
98 
62.4 16 
62.514 
(9.6871 
(9.687) 
227.815 
• 
218.128 
V<:IJlance with Flmd 
Budget . Paslllve 
(Negative) 
, (15.373) 
1\5.373) 
(98) 
255.584 
255.486 
240.113 
240.113 
, 240.1 13 
C-116City of Spokane 
 
Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 227 
 
 
  
Combini ng Statement af Revenues, Expe ndHur es, and Changes In Fund Balance 
Budget and Actual 
RESOURCES 
Toxes 
Licenses and permits 
IntergovernmentOI 
Chorges lor senrices 
Fines ond lorlei lures 
Misce llaneous 
Total resources 
EXPENDITURES 
Gene rol governmen l 
Publ ic safety 
U!ilities environmen t 
Tronsporto~on 
Economic environment 
MentOI ond physicol heolth 
Cultu re ond recreo tion 
CopilQI outloy 
Debt service: 
Principal 
Inlerest 
Totol expenditures 
Excess resources over expenditures 
OTHER fiNANCING SOURCES (USES) 
Sole of capito l ossets 
Long term debt iSSUed 
Tronslers in 
Tronsfers out 
Tolol olher "nonclng sour ces (uses) 
University District Local Revltoll:r.otlon Fund 
For the Year Ended December 31,2013 
Original 8udget final 8udget 
• 
10,600 
• 
10,600 
10,600 10.600 
20.000 20.000 
20.000 20.000 
(9,400! 19A1OI 
Excess (deficiency) 01 rev enues and other sources 
over (under) expenditures and other uses (9,4oo! (9,400) 
Other chonges In fund bolonce 
Prior period odjus tmenl 
fund Bolance • beginning 9.162 9,162 
fund Bolonc e • ending 
• !238! • !238! 
Actual 
• 20.964 
20,964 
20.964 
20.964 
9,162 
• 30.126 
Variance with Final 
8udget . PosHlve 
(Nego tlve) 
• 
10.364 
10,364 
20.000 
20,000 
3).364 
3:>.364 
• 
3:>.364 
City of Spokane 
 
228 Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 
 
 
  
Combining Statement of Revenues , Expenditures, and Changes In Fund Balance 
Budget and Actual 
RESOURCES 
Taxes 
Ucenses and permih 
Intergovernmen tal 
Charges for services 
Fines and forfei lures 
Miscellaneous 
Total re,ources 
EXPENDITURES 
Genefa l government 
Pub lk; safety 
UWities environmen t 
Transportation 
Economic environment 
Mental and physica l health 
Culture and recreation 
Capitaloullay 
Debt se<vice: 
Principal 
Inleres t 
Total expenditures 
Excess resourc es over e){pendllures 
OTHER FINANCIN G SOURCES (USES) 
Sale of copita l as~ ts 
Long lerm debl issued 
Transfers in 
Transfers out 
Tolal olher financing sources (uses) 
Non Major Capital Projects funds 
for the Year Ended December 31, 2013 
Original 8udget Final 8udget 
• 
99.000 , 99.000 
18.585,495 23.577.564 
1.190.648 1.190.648 
19.875.143 24.867.212 
7.800 7.800 
1.050 298.632 
50.000 50000 
1.353.395 1.356.154 
59.242.169 67.992.966 
294.444 294,444 
47.076 47.076 
60,995,93 4 70.047.072 
141.120.791) (45.1 79.860) 
1,43O.00CI 1,430.000 
4.456. 480 7.116.965 
p.700.000) (1.700.000) 
4. 186,480 6.846,965 
E){cen (deficien cy) of levenues and other $f)urce S 
over (under) e){pendllures and other ulel (36.93-4.311 ) (38.332.895) 
Other c hanges In fund balance 
Prior period adjustment 
Fund Balanc e· beginning 41.128.320 41.128.320 
Fund Balan ce - ending , 4.194.009 , 2.795 .425 
Actual 
, 100.884 
2.000 
6,491.852 
299, 478 
257.856 
7.152.070 
"" 299.393 
1.307.186 
18.973.872 
209,771 
6.932 
20.797.841 
113.645.77\) 
1.633.3-46 
12.886.874) 
(L253.528) 
(14.899.299) 
41.128.320 
• 26.229.02\ 
Variance with Final 
8udgel·Po,lIlY e 
(Negative) 
, 1.884 
2.000 
(17.085.712) 
299.478 
(932.792) 
(l7.715.142i 
7.113 
(761) 
50.000 
48.968 
49,019.094 
84.673 
40.144 
49.249.231 
31.534.089 
1.633.346 
( 1,430.000) 
(7.116.965) 
(1.186.874) 
(8.100,493) 
23,433 .596 
, 23.433.596 
C-117City of Spokane 
 
Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 229 
 
Nonmajor 
Enterprise Funds 
 
Enterprise Funds account for any activity for which a fee is charged to external users for goods or 
services.  If an acti vity’s principal revenue source meets an y one of the following criteria, it is 
required to be reported as an enterprise fund: (1) an activity financed with debt that is secured 
solely by pledge of the net revenues from fees and charges for the activity; (2) laws or regulations 
which require that the activity’s costs of provid ing services, including capital costs, be recovered 
with fees and charges, rather than with taxes or similar revenues; or (3) pricing policies which 
establish fees and charges designed to recover the activity’s costs, including capital costs. 
 
The Nonmajor Enterprise Funds are described below: 
 
Golf Fund 
The Golf Fund accounts for revenues derived from fees, rentals, and other miscellaneous revenue.  
Expenditures are for the maintenance and operation of the four City-owned golf courses. 
 
Building Services Fund 
The Building Services Fund is responsible fo r ensuring compliance and enforcement of building 
codes within the City of Spokane. 
  
City of Spokane 
 
230 Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 
 
 
  
Combining Stotemenl o f Net Po~ltlon 
NonmoJol Enterprise funds 
Decemb e r 31 , 2013 
G.' Building SIINIc. , Totol 
ASSETS 
C"" . ntAn ,",,: 
CmIl and equivolen l< 
• 
l\ 1.482 
• 
t,235.529 S 1.347.011 
Deposits wilh fiscal agen l, 
EQUily in pooled inveslments 499.798 1.054-867 1.554.665 
Accounts lecei'<Oble 68.21 1 210.919 279.130 
Inle<est receivable ". 3" ... 
Due from other funds 3" 160.646 160.972 
Inlerlund loan lece;vobie 5.78 1 12.298 18.079 
Due from olhe<govell v nents 
InventOlie$ 48.176 48.176 
Tolal cooenl ""el< 73-\.103 2.674,628 3.408.731 
R.,trlcted Au . is: 
Revenve bond le<e<Ves: 
Equity in pooled Inveslment. 
Inl8lest receivoble 
10101 reslricted os,et\ 
Noncu".nlo" . I" 
Capital ",,,,t.: 
C.OO 1.289,224 1.289.224 
Infroslruc:IUle 27.518 27.518 
I'loperfy. plan t. and equipmenl 12.33'/.214 3.246.~1 15.585.865 
LeI! accumulated depreciation 17.0)5.168) 11.931.2831 18.936.451) 
T o io l capitol =eis 6.623.270 1.3-\2.886 7.966.156 
01~ ., !>Onc "". nl o". Is: 
Advances 10 olhe, lur'ICk 28.6-45 60.933 89,578 
10101 noncUlfent asset. 6.~1.915 1.403.819 8.055.734 
Tolo l os5els 7.386.018 4.078.H7 11.464.465 
L1ABlLITIE$ 
Cu" . nt Uoblntl.s: 
Accoonh payable 42.~2 52.107 94.759 
Cldms and ;...dgmenls payable 
Compensated ab$ences 4.156 34.316 38.472 
Due to othe< tur'lCk 4.683 112.326 111.009 
Inlertund loon payable 
Ol her accfued Io blilies 25.670 107.977 133.647 
Othel cUlfentliobiilies 58.194 76.506 134.700 
Revenue collec led in odvooc e 29.987 29.987 
Toiol current iobili lies 1~.342 383.232 541.574 
Noncu".nt Uobllltl .. : 
Gene<al obigolion bon<h poyabie 453.712 453.712 
Compensated abseoces 102.126 408.467 510,593 
Tolal noncur,ent iobililies 555.838 408.467 96.00$ 
10101 Uoblllll. , 721.180 791.699 1.$12.879 
NET POSITION 
Invested I n capil al 055eI5. r.et at fela led debl 6. 169.558 1.J.C2.886 7,5It444 
Reslricled 101 debt setVice 
Ul1(eslflcled 495.280 1.9.3.862 2.439.142 
Toiol Net PosHion 
• 
6.664.838 
• 
3.286.148 , USU86 
C-118City of Spokane 
 
Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 231 
 
 
  
Combining Statement of Revenues, Expenses, and Changes in Net Position 
NonmaJor Enterprise Funds 
Forlhe F iscal Year Ended December 31. 2013 
Go' Building Servkes 
Ol'ERAT1NG REVENUES 
Cho'ges for goods and services , 3m:2J117 I 6,111.023 
Miscellor)(X)U'; revenue 34.469 
Olher operaling revenue 13.780 
Toiol operol ing revenu~ 3.037.2& 6.124.803 
OPERATING fXl'fNSeS 
OperoliollS 1.067.338 3.856.907 
MoinlenollCe 1.160.372 
Adminis trotion 323,093 U98.189 
Taxes 19,469 
Depreciation 389,370 540,947 
10101 opero ling e:<.pense5 2,959.642 5,596.Q.l3 
Operoting Income ILoss) 77.644 528.760 
NONOPERATING REVENUes (EXPENUS) 
Interesl income 8.458 3.561 
Nel increase (decreasel in toir value 01 inveslments 14.8501 19.955) 
Goin(klssl on dispos;lion 01 f.xed ossets 
Inleresl el<PCrne 128.1741 
Oilier nonopero~ng revenue 6.870 2.650 
Olher nonoperaling expense (22.1191 
10101 nonoperating revenues (expenses) (17.696) (25.8631 
Income Iloss) belore con1fibulioos and Irornlers 59.948 502.897 
COpitol conl!ibuliorn 
lransfers in 
Transfers out (22.690) (2.520) 
Change in Nel Position 37.258 500.377 
PriO! peri<Xl odjU'ilment 
Net Posiiion- beginning 6.627.580 2-'86.371 
Net Position ending , 6.66-1.838 S 3.286.748 
Totol 
S 9,113.840 
3H69 
13.180 
9,162,089 
4,924,245 
1.160.372 
1.52U82 
19,469 
930,317 
8,555,685 
606,404 
12.019 
(14.805) 
(28.174) 
9.520 
(22.119) 
(43.559) 
562.845 
(25,210) 
537,635 
9.413.951 
S 9.951.586 
City of Spokane 
 
232 Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 
 
 
  
Combi ning Stote m ent 01 Cos h f t oW$ 
Nonmojof Enterprise funds 
f or the Fiscot Yew Ended December 31, 2013 
G~ Building Service . 
CASH HOWS f~ OM Ot UATlJ<lG ACTIVITIES 
Rece(>l. from cUllomer. or>d """. , 2.987.849 , 5.621.044 
~ec,*,ts ftom inlerlvnd,.......;ces prOYided 62.594 264.168 
Poy"-,,, 10 wppief\ fo- services 1914,856) )113.482) 
P~t . 10 employ ..... II ,3 17.352) 13.656.(58) 
Pay""", t fo- 1000es· c~y or>d ,'ot" Jl9.4691 
Poy"""'lS 10- jnlerlvnd seMces tecMted 1365.5311 1855.374) 
Ol ~ receiplS (p0yrn8J'lIS) 
Nel C(JS/'l provide<llused) by operOing octMlies 433.235 1.26:>.298 
CASH FlOWS fROM J<lOlliCAPITAl f'IIIANCIJ<lG ACTIVITIES 
honst .... in ('"-"I 
Nel C(JS/'l provide<l (used) by J'lOnCopilOliV"lorldng ocIMl;". 
CASH HOWS FROM CAPITAL AND UlA1EO FtNANCIJ<lG ACHVIlIES 
PrOCeeds from ~ of CopilOi "'$(lIS 
Proceeds from 1ooJ'ls. J'lOles. C>"ld lease po,rctxJse POYobie 
Copila gran t. or>d coolrbJlions 'eceived 
ACqUsilion or>d cornlr...:;lion 01 Copilot OISelS 175.313) 145.001) 
Pr'ncipa paid on ,eve ....... bor>ds 1514,962) 
Pr1ndpot paid on general obIgotion bor>ds 
1J'lleresl paid "" ,eve ....... bonds 132.341 ) 
Inter",1 paid "" generOi Ob5golion bor>ds 
lronsr .... '" (oul) 122.6901 12.5:<0) 
N"I cosh provided IUIed) by CapilOi or>d ,etoled tr.oncng 
ocllvlt;.,.. 16015•3061 147.5211 
CASH HOWS FROM tJ<lVUIiNG AClIVIlIES 
Purchase oI lnv", 'men" 1901.024) 1700.(0)) 
Proceeds from sole< C>"ld moh, ... t;". oIlnve.lmen t. 1,178,697 
Inleresl received 4,)9 1 
Net cosh provided IUledI by Inv ... ling oc1Mlies 
'""". 1700.(0)1 
Net Iocreose (decrease) in cosh or>d cosn &qI.ivOienl, 69.7'13 512.777 
Cosh or>d cosh eqUvolen" . Jonuory I .,," 771.752 
Cosh or>d cosh eqo.OvolenIS • Deocember 31 , 111.482 ! 1.:235.529 
CASH FLOWS FROM OPUAIIJ<lC AClIVITlU 
Operoling Inc"""" Il",.) , 77.644 , 52!1.760 
AdJu.lmenl.1o Reconc " OperoHng Incom e 
()ep'&cio lion 389,370 W.9~7 
Pric:w period ",*" Imenl 
Olher,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, .. " Jl9A69) 
Chang . In A .. els: Oec,ea.e (Increa .e) 
R"ceivables. "'" 01 oiIowor"oC" 6.375 1m. IV) 
Oepooir, wiT h liscol agenl. 
Invenlorles 
PrepaymenlS 
Cha"" . In UablilHeo: Increa.e (Decrea se) 
,-"'" (47.0241 431 182 
J<let Co.h provided (u.ed) by operafln g acflvlfle. ! 433.m ! 1.26::1.298 
'0'" 
, UCII.193 
324 . 7~2 
(I .02UM) 
14.913.410) 
(19 . 4~9) 
(L220.905) 
U93.533 
(120.314) 
1514 . 9~2) 
(32.341) 
(25.210) 
1692.1.21) 
(1.601.024) 
1.118,691 
• • 191 
1418.136) 
S8UJO 
71>4.441 
, 1.341.011 
, ~.-
930.311 
(lU99) 
(213.741) 
383.151 
, 1.693.Sll 
C-119City of Spokane 
 
Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 233 
 
Internal Service Funds 
 
Internal Service Funds account for City activities  that provide goods and services to other City 
departments on a cost-reimbursement basis.  Internal Service Funds are described below: 
 
Fleet Services Fund 
The Fleet Services Fund has the responsibility for the maintenance and repair of all City owned 
vehicles and equipment, except Fire department vehicles, and the procurement and disposal of said 
vehicles and equipment. 
 
Public Works and Utility Fund 
The Public Works and Utility Fund has the responsibility of accounting for the billing of the water, 
sewer, and refuse charges of its customers. 
 
Information Technology Fund 
The Information Technology Fund provides dat a processing services, telephone services, and 
centralized mailing for all departments of the City. 
 
Accounting Services Fund 
The Accounting Services Fund provides financial consulting, accounting, payroll, and purchasing 
services for all departments of the City. 
 
Risk Management 
The Risk Management Fund accounts for the payment of claims, insurance premiums and risk 
management administration. 
 
Workers’ Compensation Fund 
The Workers’ Compensation Fund accounts for funds received from other City departments for the 
payment of benefits provided by State law, insurance, safety programs for the City and 
administrative expenses of the fund. 
 
Unemployment Insurance Fund 
The Unemployment Compensation Fund accounts for the payment of unemployment insurance 
benefits and for the administrative expenses of the fund. 
 
Employee Benefits Fund 
The Employee Benefits Fund provides and admini sters all benefits for the employees of all 
departments of the City. 
 
Property Acquisition Fund 
The Property Acquisition Fund obtains financing, procures property, and services debt related to 
property for other City departments. 
  
City of Spokane 
 
234 Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 
 
 
  
Combining Siolemeni 01 Hel Posillon 
Inlemol Service funds 
Decemb ... 31 , 2013 
",,"-
Flett! ServIces ~uble WOfIc. olld IJIIIty InIotmoHon Technology Acccwnllrlg Servicfl RbkMclrlO9"""'nI 
ASSm 
C""en! Asoels: 
Cosh ood eqoj';oIer>ls , 2.115,701 11,910 , "ro", 161.130 , 416.161 
Depolils wilt! fl>CQl ogenll 
EQUiy in pooled ..... eslments 3-811.135 3M3,181 46.118 6.5fj.672 
kcoo..nll receivable 25,031 513.158 ",. • Interesl receivable 
"" '''' " 
2.271 
Due from other IvrlcI! 1.131re3 1.514.198 118,H8 19.111 
". Interlund Jor;.o recfflobie U.619 U.581 
"' 
16.COO 
Due kom other go.emmenls ,." ~ 
Inventories 1.530.419 26}10 
Prepeymenh 2,"" 
10101 c""ool oueh 9.343.121 2tR'1.261, 1.654,909 2ll,614 1,043,000 
Sonr:"". nt 0 ... 1s: 
COPitoi ossets: 
«,. 
f'roperly. planl, orc! eqo.ipment 30.985.889 VIJ1.'IffI 11149.512 5,496 
InhOllruct .... e 2.611.2Ie 
COPitomd IOllwO'e 6.11:!111J5 
C()(lIlruclioo in progress 
lesl occ...muloledctepreciotion !20.IU.3691 12.361.1161 112.133.2J.i1 15.4961 
10101 ,opiIoi omh 10,8.11.520 46,793 10.236.561 
other _""en! ollels: 
Adv(>"oCes 10 otr.er II.nds 221.013 220.913 2.1'" 376.551 
lotol nonc:lXre<1i wels 11.Q62.593 46.793 10.451.414 2.1'" Y6.551 
lotolomh 20.~.720 2.146.059 18.112.383 236.323 1 .419.031 
UA81UTlES 
C""ent Uablltles: 
ACcoo..nts poyobIe I.m.()(s 119.165 201.315 2.453 'OJ" Ooim and;..dgrrents peyobIe 6.81\.ClXl 
Compensoled obIeoces 
.'" 
18.986 >.020 SO.813 " .. Due 10 other f~ 33.414 \.241643 
'"'" 
2.'" ",. 
Inlerf\.nd Jor;.o po~ 
Due to other go.erM'Ie'Illl 
Other occrued 50biiIies 16,104 44.981 1CW1.214 109.065 1.232 
0Iher' cwenl iobiiliel 2'1.20 .. 51.656 • '" Uneorned revenue 
10101 ,,,,,enl iobi ies 1.513.341 1.421.069 925.053 1601.775 6.896.919 
Hone""" nI UabIIItH 
CornperultoKl obIences 362.691 231.482 sso .... 532.133 ,.m 
10l0i Uablifles l.936.04( L658.5S1 l.475.939 69J.soe /',903.149 
NET POSIIlON 
Irwesled in cOPitoi 0S\e1~ nel ol relatoKl deb! 10,841.520 
"'" 
10.236.561 
lIrYestOCted 1.628.156 4010.115 6.399.863 1 461.1651 516.488 
10101 Ne! Pc.itIon , 16.469.676 ., ... , 16.636.U4 1(61.1651 , 516,488 
C-120City of Spokane 
 
Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 235 
 
 
  
Combining Statemenl 04 Net PosHlon 
Intemol Service funds 
December 31. 2013 
,""""" 
WOIk..-s· eompenJQlk).n Unemployment Employ" 8enelih Prope..ty I<cquisJHon 
"'" INUIOnc. 
"SSETS 
e"".n! Assets: 
COIh ClOd eqo.ivolen~ , 451.322 , .s5}S6 2241.869 W$9 , 10.6S7.$46 
OeJMin with filcol oge<l~ 1.006.667 
"'''' 
,,~ 1.856.384 
Equ;1y i'l pooled i'lve\tmen~ 8~.919 8'17.266 tt .Il98.357 3,l2l.591 36. 19! . ~1 
"'CCOl$l~ re<:eNobie 11ll}I6 ~ 2.65t.,u1 
Interest re<:eivob\e 3.21 6 
'" '''' ,." 13.431 
Due ~001 other funds 9.251 
" '" """ 
2.t2UU 
Inlerfund loon re<:eNabie 102.161 10...07 128.119 36.298 ,u3.338 
Due tmm other 90vemmentl 1.894 
I'weoloriel 1.557.129 
Prepaymenn 26.003 
lotol cooenl onels 10.317556 963.756 16.~39.191 4.1~.S63 58,335,062 
None"",'" ouels: 
Copitol 0ISe~: 
''''' 
6.281.199 ' ,281,19t 
Properly, plant. and equipmenl .'" 6.656.925 53,212,326 
.,ifOltruc" ... e 3.650.~23 ' , 2'1.~1 
Copitoiled soltwore 6.609,005 
COnstruction i'l PlOQI'Iru 2.289.~66 2,289."6 
leIl occ~ted depre<:ioIion 16,5351 1698·~1 (15 , 3oI9 · ~1 
Tolol capitol ooe~ 18.179.109 39.303,983 
otMr noncllfllnt ollefs: 
"""onces 10 other funds 506.178 51.561 637)6J 179.s.6 2,196,600 
10101 ooncmool olien 506.178 51.561 i:SJ)6J 18.l'i8.9.s5 41.500,583 
lotoiOlielS 10.883.73-1 1.015.317 17.076,95-1 22.539.518 99 , 8J5 , ~5 
Ul<~IUTIES 
ellflent Uo bllties: 
Accounn payable 292,663 109.386 1.103.093 
"""" 
3.(18)82 
Ooirns and judgments payable 8.561.00:1 1.9~.72~ 17,352,724 
Corr4>ensaled obIences (979 122.2t2 
Due 10 other funds 21.8-16 
'" 
136.097 2,028,954 
tnlerl~ loon payable U.903.22S 1~ . 903.225 
Due 10 olher governmenn 107mB 107.028 
Other occrved iobi!iel tt.272 ,~ 7.374 -40,572 3",0'93 
Other Cl..ITenllobilil~ '.m 8Ul0 
iJr>er;I .... ed r everoJe 
10101 C...,eot iobilI~ 8,886.001 109.639 ),099.91 5 15.398.190 38 . .al,708 
Nonc..,ent Uoblli!ies: 
Cornpen\Oted oI)Ieoces 1O.U9 1.129 24,53.1 158,63-1 1.939.375 
Totol UobliHes 8.957.250 111..366 3,12(.450 15.556.624 40.421.083 
NET POSITION 
invesled in copitol OIsets, nel 01 reloled debl 3.168.85b 24,293,130 
Unrestricled 1.926 . .(8.1 9019~9 13,952.50.1 
'"'''' 
lSJ2Q,e.32 
10101 Net ~osition 1,926,.(8.1 903.9~9 13,952.~ 6..ge2.694 , St,414.Sn 
City of Spokane 
 
236 Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 
 
 
  
Combining Statement of Net '05010n 
Internal Service Funds 
For the flscal Year Ended December 31, 2013 
conlinued 
flHt Sefv\cfl Public: Work$ (In(! Ulilily INamalion Te<:hl'l(llQgy Accounllng Servlc:es Risk Monogement 
OPERATING REVENUES 
Chorges tOO' goods and services , 14.m.nO , 4.966.31 5 , 10.129.337 , tm.0I9 , 
Miscelloneous re_ enue m.198 4.375.380 
Other operating revenue ' .. m 
Total operating revenves 14.75U20 4.968.840 10.625.535 V43.C119 4.375.380 
OPERATING EXPENSES 
Operations 9.520,266 1.610.028 8.39t.m V85.M2 
AdrrirVstrotion 2.691.868 3.317.519 373.W 385.697 
Depreciation 2.095.656 38.016 1.894$18 
J/isI: tronster payments t.020.652 
Cklim5 proc!ming 270.077 
Poymen~ 10 cloimoots and beoefodories 2.869.732 
lotoi operating expe~ 14.307.790 4.965.563 10.660.333 4.785.642 4,S46J.S8 
Operating tncome (Loss) 446.930 3.277 (3U98) (42.623) prom) 
NONOPERATING REVENUES (EXPENSES) 
Interelt income 14.672 
'" 
7.178 223 1 3.623 
Net incre05e (decre05e) in toi' volue ot investmenil (36.500) (36.501 ) (510) (62.025) 
Gain (1os1 ) on disposition of fixed asse~ 8(]04 (65.ll37) 
~ terest elqJel1Se 
Other nonoperating revenue 13V6O 23.138 
other nonoperating expense 
10101 nonope<ating revenues (expenses) 197.336 
'" 
193.760) 22.851 (48,.4021 
Income (loss) before contribution! and Ifansfen 6014.266 3558 (128.558) (19.772) (219.180) 
Capitat contlibutioru 946.102 
"'" Transten in 40.459 
Tronsfenout 17.545) (3.558) (201.078) (2.604) 11 72) 
Change'" Net Politico 1.562.823 (241.294) 122.376) (219.352) 
Prior period adjustment (50.282) 
Net Polilion· beginring (fella ted) 16.866.853 ~"08 16.928.020 (438.809) 735.840 
Nef Polition • encing , 18.469.676 , 487.508 , t6.636.444 , !461.\851 , 516.488 
C-121City of Spokane 
 
Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 237 
 
 
  
Combining Statement of Net Poslilon 
Internal Service Funds 
fOl' the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2013 
concWed 
Work",' CompetU(llk>n Unemployment Employ" B er.e r~1 Properly Aequlsi!k>n 
"'" IlUuronce 
OPERAII~G REVENUES 
Chorgm forgoodsalld wviceo; , 5.235.375 , 5-I9.9~6 , 561.662 820.695 S 41.761.289 
Misce1oneo<.rs revenue 32.008.182 36.879.760 
Other operaling revenue 870.227 an.752 
10101 operoling reverll,lel 5.235.375 s.\9.9~6 32.569.8604 1.691.122 79.513.801 
OPERATING EXPENUS 
Opemtiom 2.262.732 26.570.462 
AdrrOristrotion 6042.736 18.425 742.497 45(.966 8.627.349 
Deprec;otioo 19(.6(2 4,223,212 
l!i:ik frOl'llter poymenb 169.007 12J37.574 13.327.233 
ClOrm proceo;sing .... .., 6,375 969.819 1.635)51 
Paymenll to clo'monb alld benefidcries 3.528.753 Wl.:m 18.393.139 25.451.966 
10101 operating e>:p&~eo; (,9'ZJ.976 685.](2 32.243.0'ZJ 2.912.340 80.035.973 
Operating Income [Loss) """, (135.196) 326.835 (1.221.218) (5220112) 
NONOPERATING REVENUES (EXPENSES) 
Iolereo;l income 18.m '.609 61.668 6.198 124,S27 
Net increase (decrease) in foifvaloe of inveo;tmeols (83.(661 (8.m) (11)5.163) ('ZJ.609) (362.197) 
Gain (lois) on tisposition of fixed os~b 265.1)39 ,...". 
Inl&reo;t expeme (328.6491 (323.649) 
OIher nonoperating revenue 157,598 
Other nonoperating expense 
lolal nonoperaling revenues le>:p&nses) (604.991) 16.8U) 143.(95) (87.021) (124.015) 
Income (loss) before contribvlion'i or.d IrortSlers 240.406 (142.010) 283.340 (1.:x>8.239) (646.187) 
Capilol conlribvlions 250.628 1.244,613 
'rarnlers in ~.16(.692 4.2(15.351 
T ransfers out [7.7(5) (2220662) 
Change in Nel Pos</ion 2(0.(06 (1(2.010) 283.340 3.099.576 4.581.115 
PriOr period odjullment 1.809156 1.156.974 
Nel Pos<lion • begirIrr.g (reslaled) 1,686.076 1.045.959 11.859.9Q8 3.883.11 8 53.074.473 
Nel Pos<lion 
"""" , 1.926,(8.1 , 900.9(9 13<952.5()oi , 6.982.694 $ 59,414.562 
City of Spokane 
 
238 Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 
 
 
  
Combining Stotemenl oIColh fiowl 
Inlemol servlc.e Fund, 
for Ihe A,co) Yeo! Ended Oe<:embef 31 , 2013 
conllnued 
flHI Servlc .. Pubic w ..... a .... UflIIy ,-~ A ...... ntI""s...Ic .. Rtsl<Manogem.nl , «-. 
CASI! FLOW$ FROM OI'£RAIIN:> ACIIVmEI 
Receipt, hom custOt'l'lO)J$ <::I"Id USI\I$ ,.'" 108. ~ ll 
"'" l1eceipt< from Int_ seMcM p!ovided IUI6.982 3.1()!i..88\' 10.53.5.223 ·166.6l4 ~.388."'" 
PoyrrHH1" to ~ lor....w: ... !7.106.006) ~'5,~571 P,093,I·'1 ('5.1151 )'. 129J1171 
PC¥J'I&nts to e~ (1.27UI5) (l.862WI ('.815.002) (M06.628) (52.8381 
I'ayIno>nt lor tmeo • city ood ~ote 1160,t5ol1 
PoyrrHH1" tor iiterlo.nd....w: .. ,"" ..... ad (1,..09,51i11 f9~.8291 (3-13.985) (2.5.701) (:IfIO.279) 
01"", '''''eip'' (payments) 
tlet cash p!<WIded (us.ed) by operaTing oolivitieo 3.2Y1.176 j112,003) 2.380.2501 29.150 !I .... '6) 
CAS/! FLOWS FROM HOHC,lrr,lL FtN,lHCIHG ,lcn~lIE$ 
t'onIlen ii (out) (112) 
tlet cos/1 provided fus.edl by """"apilof fnondng ootlvitiel lin) 
CAS/! FLOWS FROM CAmAL /.NO RElJ,.TEO FINANCING 
,lCtlvmn 
Proceeds from ds!><»<rI 01 c~cI OS!ets 128,612 
.t.cqoJ<ilion ood Con<hUCtlon of cqo/I<II """" 13.053.3371 (2 •• 64.8031 
Interest paid on Interlund loam 
j''''''!en In (out) 
.. '" I~ 1' 12.136) 12.6(01) 
Nel CO<h p!<WIded (UledI by copit<ll and ,elated moodng 
oolivi,"" 11.986.I6!1 13.S58J (2.511.539) 12.6(4) 
C,llt; FLOWII_OM ItlVEITlN(: ,lcrrvmn 
Pm:hase 01 irweoT"""," 12.017.5051 (100.100) 12.476.654) 
Procee<!l hom sole< ood motxltie< 01 "'eolmen" .27.178 ~ .. 2.200.ro:t 
Inter"",,,,,&i'ooed I 
Nel c""" provl6ed(UIedI by """'ling oolMtJeo 
tiet incr&Ole (dect(KJW!) In cmn and cosh equ;.,,,,,,,,,, jl.226.1'9' 1 (115.2IlJ) 202.971 (23.'541 (32 • .620) 
Casn ond cosh equ;.,,,,,,,,,,. !rnJC<y I '.00::1.695 127.1'10 J.3I!l,51i1 , ~ ... NJ.3I!I 
COIIo on<! cOllo """"""",,,. Clecember 31 2.175.101 11.910 ".". lo/.Il:) 'IS}6 1 
C.lIH fLOWllroM OPEUIING ACTlVlmS 
Op« otiog Ir>c<>rne (lou) "6.9l:) 3,217 (J.IJ98) ('2.6231 1 170}7SI 
,lr:l).>sl_rrh 10 . .. onr::l0 Optrallno ''''' ..... 
Depreciation 2.095.656 38.01. 1.8\".898 
f'rk:< period o;x:tJ<,,,,,,,,t (50182) 
0II>er revotoJ&< 13-1.'60 23.138 
C"""IIO'LoI .... se/I: 0.. .... .. (1 .. ,_ ) 
~",,~00Ie,. nel 01 oI<::owmce 161.18-1 (1.154.5J.I1 1.251 352.927 13.100 
Deposits with frlccl ogenl< 
trwentorlM (239.8061 19.375 
PreP<J)'nlerl" ... 
C""~ ii ll<>_" , .. , ..... (0....., .. 1 
,~- ",.m UXlI.238 
""" 
1»'.2921 83.22' 
~eI C"'" p<tI_kfer:l (lIM'II) by 0J*<>I&>g 00",_ 3.259.116 1112,0031 2.380.256 2'1.150 (1'.'~) 
NOHC.t.SH INVESTING. C...,ITAL ,lND FIN ANCING ,lCtIVITIES 
Contribuliorrl oj capiTa! ""'" 
C-122City of Spokane 
 
Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 239 
 
 
  
Combining Statement of Cosh f lows 
Infernol Service fun ds 
for the FiKOI Yeor Ended December 3t , 2Ot3 
,"""", 
Worken' u ... rnpIoy .... nt ErnPoY" 8 .... 1th I'roperfy AcqulsHlon lotol Compen..,""" In'OIonu 
CASH F L OW S FAOM OPERATING ACTlvmES 
Rec~ls I,om CIlItOll'W$ 0fId ~ , , , , ... '" S l.912,U2 
R&eeiplslrom intorllll'ld services po-ovided ~,~ge,I~3 ~9,9lJ 32.261.360 1,5J1.981 16 , ~5UJI 
i'oymenlllo suppie<llor services (U26~911 1686.997) 132,m,591) 910.070 (52.1(9,-4411) 
Paymoolllo~es 14~7.858) 110,456) 1~,89I) 11,520,985) (l6,7«l.143) 
Paymoot lor 10l«!S • city ond slole (1 6-4,156) 
Paymoor. lor inlerlund services '&e&ived 1119,m) 16.6051 1:m.4S9) (l25.438) (3.781.397) 
OIhet ,eceipr. lpoymenlll 
Net cosh p<O'Iided IUledI by QPerOMg oclMties (6n$Xlj 1l~.I25) 1769.5&1) 1.6.\2.627 5 . 525~9 
CASH flOWS FROM NONCAI'ITAl FINANCING ACflvmes 
1'01>1100 in 10011 \112) 
Net cosh po-oW:led lUIedl by noncopilol ~ acliltitie! (172) 
CASH flOWSI~OM C"rtTAl ANI) ~f LAt£ 1) fiNANCING 
ACTIVITIE S 
f'roceedll,om ciIposoI 01 coPtoi O$$ell 
'"1m 393.651 
Acquisition ood cornln;clion 01 copilot <llSer. 16.929.960) (12.-4411.100) 
Interest pokI 00 int&fllll'ld loon! 1328.6~91 (31U (9) 
1'0IlI1&1S in lout) ~.407.s1S 5.221.4U 
~t cosh po-ovided (used) by coPtai ood reIotedlioorlCir>g 
activities 12,585.7SS! (7.155.&24) 
CASH FtOWS fROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 
f\ochale 01 invesirnenr. 12.oI8'/.Sd) 13,961) 126.\,565) (7.814.335) 
f'rocflOdllrom <Ole, end matuiliel 01 rw ... tmenls 3.020,00J 100,00) l.400roJ 1.890.756 9.081.93<1 
Inte, ... t 'eceived , I 
Nel COih po-ovided (UIed) by invlllling aciMlIIII 
Nel ioCfeose (deaeose) in cosh ood cosh equivoIenls 1125$Xlj 1~.I251 4SS.079 9u,559 1261.6&4) 
COIh ond cosh equlvolenls • JonoJOfY I 517.122 109.881 1.786.790 10,925.210 
COIh and COIh equlvole<1ls • Decembe.' 31 , 451.322 SS.756 2241.&9 , 9u,559 S 10, 6S7 , ~6 
CASH flO W S FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 
Operoling Income (Lonl "'.m 1135.1961 ~"" 11.221.218) 1512.172) 
AdjIPrtmentslo R.cOllC" O p"a!lng 1""0 .... 
Depo-eciolion 19 •• 642 4,223,212 
Prior peOOd oo;...tmenl 1.609,25.1 1.758,t1( 
other rev"""",, 157.598 
C"" ng. InA .. eh: Dec,_llne,." .. ) 
Receivobles. 001 01 oIowonce 175.\1 1131 12.117.160) 711.050 12 , 02 1. ~5) 
Deposits .... th fiscol agents 1736,476) 13.192) (139.648) 
Invenlorles I22(Wl) 
""""'""' .... 
Chanv- In UablMl .. : I"",." .. (Dec,." .. ) 
''''''""' 
(263,967) 118.9161 (787,915) I.98L34~ 2.8&0.&35 
NeI Co'" provided (uled) by ~Ing oclMfle. , (695bXi) !1~.I251 1769.5&1) , 1,6.\2627 5.525.249 
,",ONCASH INVUTING. CAPITAL AND FINANCING ACTIVlIIU 
Cootrlbullons 01 copllo l OlSen , S 
City of Spokane 
 
240 Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
This page intentionally left blank. 
 
  
C-123City of Spokane 
 
Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 241 
 
Fiduciary Funds 
 
Fiduciary Funds account for assets held in a trustee or agent capacity for outside parties, including 
individuals, private organizations, and other governments. 
 
Pension Trust Funds are used to report resources that are required to be held in trust by the City 
for the members and beneficiaries of defined benefit and defined contribution pension plans, 
including other employee benefit plans.  The Pension Trust Funds are described below: 
 
Employees’ Retirement Fund 
The Employees’ Retirement Fund provides pension benefits for most non-uniformed employees.  
Major sources of revenues are from investment interest and employer and employee contributions. 
 
Firefighters’ Pension Fund 
The Firefighters' Pension Fund provides benefits for all firefighters who retired prior to March 1, 
1970, and limited benefits to firefighters who we re hired between March 1, 1970 and October 1, 
1977.  Firefighters hired after October 1, 1977 are covered by the LEOFF system and are not 
covered by this fund. 
 
Police Pension Fund 
The Police Pension Fund provides benefits for all uniformed police who retired prior to March 1, 
1970, and limited benefits to uniformed police who were hired between March 1, 1970 and October 
1, 1977. Police officers hired after October 1, 1977 are covered by the LEOFF system and are not 
covered by this fund. 
 
Agency Funds account for resources held by th e City in a custodial capacity for other 
governments, private organizations, or individuals.  The Agency Funds are described below: 
 
Parking and Business Improvement District Fund 
The Parking and Business Improvement District Fund accounts for monies received from the 
Downtown Spokane and Business Improvement Area special assessment levy and expenditures 
for improvements made in the downtown core area. 
 
Spokane Regional Transportation Council Fund 
The Spokane Regional Transportation Council Fund accounts for all monies received from the City, 
Spokane County, the State of Washington, and the Federal government for this purpose.  
Expenditures are made for approved planning and transportation projects. 
 
EMS Program Director Fund 
The EMS Program Director Fund provides a cost  sharing mechanism for funding the office of 
emergency medical services program director. 
  
City of Spokane 
 
242 Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 
 
 
Transportation Benefit District Fund 
The Transportation Benefit District Fund is used to account for funds from vehicle fees collected 
by the State Department of Licensing pursuant to RCW 82.80.140, RCW 36.73.060 and 
Resolution 2011-0001 adopted by the City of Spokane Transportation Benefit District Governing 
Board.  The fund will be used to pay for transportation improvements authorized pursuant to 
Chapter 36.73 RCW, Chapter 8.16 SMC and Resolution 2011-0001. 
 
Salary Clearing Fund 
The Salary Clearing Fund accounts for outstanding checks due to City employees 
 
Claims Clearing Fund 
The Claims Clearing Fund accounts for all outstanding checks of the City, other than checks due 
to City employees. 
 
Fiscal Agency Fund 
The Fiscal Agency Fund accounts for those monies budgeted and appropriated for the payment of 
bonds and coupons payable at either of the fiscal agencies of the State of Washington in Seattle, 
Washington or New York, New York.  All payments of such bonds and coupons shall be charged 
against this fund. 
 
  
C-124City of Spokane 
 
Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 243 
 
 
  
ASSETS 
Cash 
Short-Ienn irwestments 
Receivable!: 
Employer accounts receivable 
Intere$t ond dividends 
Taxe$ receivable 
Other receivables 
Tatal Receivalbes 
Investments, noncUlTent. at fair value: 
U.S. fixed income 
International/globol FIXed ~came 
U.S. equities 
Reolestale 
Intemotional equilies 
Alternatives 
Total investments. nancUlTent 
COpitoiOSlets: 
Sollwore 
Other Improvements 
Less accumulated depreciation/omortization 
Totot copilal assets 
Total Auell 
lIABllmES 
Accounts payable 
Due to other funds 
Compen~led obsences 
ACcrued Iiobiities 
Other cunenlliobilities 
Toto! Uoblllllel 
NETPosmON 
Net ossets held ~ trust 10(: 
Pernion benefil$ 
Postemployment beneli!! 
Toiol Net Po!.ltlon 
Combining Statement of Plan Net PaslNan 
Penslan Funds 
December 31, 201 3 
Employees' Relrement Frellghters' Pension 
, 192.910 , 192,421 
1,523,566 2.831.410 
58.<83 164,910 
3<' 26,645 
5823' 191.555 
32.188.216 2\.749.175 
13.242.228 \.567.056 
97.909.114 
14.223.774 
53.140.765 
66.191.034 
278.895.131 23,336.231 
352.980 71.550 
17.539 
(51.960) (7.155) 
316.559 64.395 
200.988.996 26.616.012 
52.930 71.403 
18.419 
4.070 
12 •• 78 2.641 
67.897 74.244 
280.901.101 13.449.552 
13.092.216 
, 280.901.101 • 26.541.768 
PoI/(:e Pension Total 
, 448,548 S 83M79 
~.35.u76 
223.393 
450.(0) 450.000 
" 
27.057 
"'.063 700,450 
53.937.391 
14.829.284 
97.909.114 
14,223,774 
53.140.165 
68.191.034 
302.231.362 
52.470 477.000 
17.539 
(5.247) {64.362) 
47.213 430.177 
945.834 308.550.644 
5<.OOl 178.333 
18.419 
4.070 
16.559 31.878 
70.559 232,700 
875.275 295.225.928 
13.092.216 
, 675.275 S 308.318.144 
City of Spokane 
 
244 Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 
 
 
  
ADDITIONS 
COntributions: 
Employef'S 
Plan Membe~ 
Intergovernmen tol revenue 
Medicore retiree drug subsidy 
Miscellaneous revenue 
Totol Contributions 
Investment Income: 
Net increase in fair value of investments 
Interest and dividends 
Less: investment expenses 
Net investmen t income (loss) 
Toiol Additions 
DEDUCTIONS 
Pension benefits 
Medical and denial benefits 
Pension refunds 
Medical and den tal administration 
Administrative expenses 
Distribufians to partic ipan ts 
Total Deductions 
Net Incre ase (Decreose) 
Prior period adjustment 
Nel Position - begInning 
Net Position - ending 
Combi ning Statement of Chang es In Plan Net Position 
Pension funds 
For the Fisca l Year Ended December 31 , 2013 
Employees' Retirement Flreflghtef 's P ension 
I 6.715376 I 5.192.961 I 
6.715.376 
263,334 
128]22 
290 
13.430.752 5.585.307 
40.854.987 1502.1851 
4.807.707 623.699 
(339.16q (71.441) 
45,323,533 49,473 
58.754.285 5,634.780 
20.346,281 1.329.620 
2.602.034 
393.954 
239.786 
385,675 67.779 
21.125.910 4.239.21 9 
37.628.375 1,395.561 
243,272.726 25,146,207 
• 
280.901.101 I 26.541.768 I 
Police Pension Tote d 
3.275.<XXl S 15.183.337 
6,71 5,376 
263,334 
89.792 218.514 
290 
3.364.792 22.380,851 
40,352,202 
5,431,406 
(410,602) 
45.373,006 
3.364.792 67,753,857 
633.869 22,309,770 
2.260.869 4,862,903 
393,954 
193.489 433,275 
65.355 518,809 
3.153.582 28.518,711 
211.:210 39,235,146 
664,065 269,082,998 
875.275 S 306,318,144 
C-125City of Spokane 
 
Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 245 
 
 
 
  
Parking & 
8uslness 
Improvement 
Dislrict 
Assm 
Cosh and eq.jvoleoh , 96.700 
Eqo..ily in pooled invel l men~ 
Deposit> wilh liscol ogenh/lrullee\ 
Olher receivaOles 
Due kom other lUf1d! 
Due Irom other govemmen~ 
I nvellmen~. nanc...,.ent 
0Itle< nanc<.OTent O!!ei! 
10101 Assets , 96.700 
UABILIIIE$ 
WCITOfl~ payable , 
... ccoun~"'ouc::hoo payable 
Due to olher lunds 
Due to other go.emmenl! 52,728 
~ t e<luod IoO'l payable 
Other occrved k1bit>es 
Othe< cwen t iobilitiel 43.972 
other Iong-Ie«n iobi1ies 
loitIl Uab,niel , 96.700 
Combining Statemenl 01 Net Position 
Agency Fund$ 
December 31, 2013 
S~ka ne 
Regianal EMSPfogfam Tfanspoo'lation 
Tronspoo'lOlion Direetor Bel\efit District 
Counel 
, 323.883 , 95.302 , 248.752 
l..s.Il,855 
, 113.596 
1.247 
, 323.883 , 95,);)8 , 1,905.450 
, , , 
'" '''' 
17,660 
320,21 9 90,"" 1.887.m 
L.,. 
3.m ~ 
, 323.883 95.);)8 1.905,450 
Salary Clearlr.g Claims Cleaflr.g fiscal Ageney To1al 
, 137,966 , 1,920.960 , .". S 2.863.563 
1.541.855 
2S2 113,854 
1.2.47 
, 138.218 1,9'l!J.9fIJ , .,OX) 4,520,519 
1J7.216 , 1.920.824 , S 2 .058,040 
um '" 
22.352 
2.350.803 
L ,"" 
'7.520 
-." «1.,000 
, 138.218 , \.'nO.960 , -". S 4 .520.519 
City of Spokane 
 
246 Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 
 
 
  
Po,king 000 BuliJ'H!u Improvement District 
ASSETS 
CIM ond equivole<l~ 
Totol Auets 
UABIUTIES 
Accoun~lvovcheo peyobie 
Due 10 olhe< govOOYl\ellt! 
Olhe< c\.fJe<l1 iobiIif'.es 
Totol Uobililies 
CIM ond eq .... oIents 
Total A.sej. 
UABllITitS 
Accounts/voucl>e<s poyobIe 
Due to other 9O"emmetlts 
OU)!)r CUJfe<l1 iot)iitie;l 
Totel Uobil~ie. 
EMS P,!:':S!,em Direct« 
ASSm 
CmIl and eqojyolen~ 
Other receivoties 
lotol Ane'" 
LIABILITIES 
AccovnMvoucl>e<s POYobie 
Due 10 other govem-nen~ 
Other accrued iobitities 
Other c ..... enl ioWties 
Totol Uobilniel 
Cosh and eqti.oIenl5 
fqu;ly n pOOled iove\tmenh 
Due from olhe< govOO'Vllellts 
Othe! ,eceivQbles 
Totol Ass,", 
UABIUTIES 
Accovnhl voucl>e<s poyobIe 
Due to olhe< govenvnenls 
Other c ..... enlliotiitie'; 
TotClI Uobil'.tles 
Combining Statement 01 Cltange$ln Net PO$lIion 
Agency Funds 
For lite Fiscal Year Ended December 31. 2013 
Balance Jonuary 1. 2013 
\ 
\ 
\ 
\ 
\ 
\ 
\ 
\ 
, 
\ 
\ 
"'" 52"'" 
73.751 
'"'"" 
" 181),(59 
3.'" 
183.837 
83.733 
" 83." 
'" 81.731 
, .. " 
"" 83 .. 
~9.409 
618.624 
18.726 
1.190.1~7 
3 
1.206.876 
\ 
\ 
\ 
\ 
m 
952.953 
953.676 
"" 139.760 
37.916 
177,8.j6 
137.496 
• 137.m 
3.38< 
'.m 
"'" 9 
'"'' 
2-558.~ 
L062.UO 
1.2~7 
17.660 
697.1>~3 
715.m 
\ 
\ 
\ 
conlinued 
Deduction. Balance Oecember 31. 2013 
>3" , 
982.732 
986.065 S 
" 
37.772 
37,", , 
125.927 , 
" 126.002 , 
'" , 
.. " " "'''' , 
2.858.710 , 
139.209 
18.726 , 
3 
18.729 
52.728 
43.172 
911.700 
'" 320.219 
3.494 
323.883 
95.302 
• 95.308 
3 .'" 
90.066 
, .... 
~ 
95.308 
248.752 
IJ41.8SS 
1.247 
11.6100 
1.881.790 
1 .90S.($(I 
C-126City of Spokane 
 
Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 247 
 
 
  
Salo!!: Cleorl!!j 
ASSETS 
Cosh and eq ...... oIef1ts 
Olt.er re<:eivobles 
1:.101 Assen 
llA81l1TlES 
Warrooh payable 
~, CCOlJn!s/vovchefs poyable 
T~lo l UobU~iel 
Cosh ond eq ...... alenls 
Otllef re<:eivable 
10101 Assels 
lrA81UTIES 
Warrants poyable 
~CCOIJn!s'vovchoo payable 
10101 Uabilffies 
Cosh ond equivalents 
Toiol Assels 
L IABILITIES 
OIher klng-Ierm liabiilies 
lokIl Uabililles 
C<nh and equivaienh 
E~ty in pooled investments 
Cve hom aIhe<' govClM\ents 
Olher re<:eivables 
Toiol AlSen 
LlABIUTlES 
Warrants payable 
.o.ccounh/vovchcrs payable 
Cue 10 olhe<' governme nts 
Othe!' accrued iO bi1i~es 
Olher curr e ntliabiities 
Olher Iong-Ierm liabiilies 
10101 Uabilffies 
, , 
, , 
, , 
, , 
, 
, 
Combining Statement of Changes in Net P01ifion 
Agency Funds 
For the Fiscol Yeor Ended December 31 , 2013 
kllance JonuOf'( I, 2013 Add~ions 
""'38; , 172.917.610 , 
m 
230.366 , 172,977);62 , 
230.366 172.9761>'17 , 
43.396.810 
"",38; , 216.371707 , 
3,525,93.4 , 29HOl,672 , 
294.407 
3,820,341 , 294.501,672 , 
3,820,341 294,126,404 , 
56.424 , 
3.820,341 , 294.182.828 , 
4.777.388 , 491.7.0,694 
618,624 1.062,440 
1,247 
4,050,727 , 467,H13,JOI , 
22,212 43,474,4(8 
1,504.3.42 846,461 
1.846 Ul05 
77.210 m.878 
75,!XXI 19,227.690 
5,731.337 , 531.6<14.583 , 
concWed 
Deduc!ions kllance Deeembe< 31 , 2013 
173.070,000 $ 131,j66 
'" 173.070.000 $ 138,218 
173.070,067 $ 137,216 
43.395,008 1.(102 
216,465.875 $ 138,218 
296,106,646 1.920,960 
294.407 
296,401,053 $ 1,920,960 
296.025.921 $ 1.920.824 
$.I.'" 
'" 296,082.209 , 1.920,960 
493.657,51 9 $ 2.863.5~ 
139,209 1,541.855 
1 ,247 
469,095,988 $ 2.058.040 
43.474.308 22,352 
2 .350,803 
.. " 1.00 • 
1.020.568 47,520 
19,262.6'1() 40.000 
53U155,401 $ 4,520,$19 
City of Spokane 
 
248 Combining and Individual Fund Financial Statements 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
This page intentionally left blank. 
 
 
C-127City of Spokane 
 
Statistical Section 249 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Statistical Section 
  
City of Spokane 
 
250 Statistical Section 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
This page intentionally left blank. 
 
  
C-128City of Spokane 
 
Statistical Section 251 
 
Statistical Section 
 
 
This section of the City’s comprehensive annual financial report presents detailed information as 
a context for understanding what the information in the financial statements, note disclosures, 
and required supplementary information says about the City’s overall financial health. 
 
Financial Trends 252-261 
These schedules contain trend information to help the reader understand how the City’s financial 
performance and fiscal health has changed over time. 
 
 
Revenue Capacity 262-275 
These schedules contain information to help the reader assess the City’s most significant 
revenue sources:  property taxes and retail sales taxes. 
 
 
Debt Capacity  276-281 
These schedules present information to help the reader assess the affordability of the City’s current 
levels of outstanding debt, and the City’s ability to issue additional debt in the future. 
 
 
Demographic Information 282-286 
These schedules offer demographic and economic indicators to help the reader understand the 
environment in which the City’s financial activities take place. 
 
 
Operating Information 287-297 
These schedules offer operating data to help the reader understand how the information in the 
City’s financial report relates to the services it provides and the activities it performs. 
  
City of Spokane 
 
252 Statistical Section 
 
 
 
  
F inancial Trends 
Schedule 1 - Net Position by Component 
lasl Ten Fiscal Years (expressed in IhOusands) 
(accrual basis of accounting) 
cootinued 
"" 
"12 
"" "" 
200? 
GOVfRNMENTAl ACTtVITIES 
Net investment in cCfJitoi ooets , 1.433.614 , 1.439.429 , 1.440.4M , 1.421.894 , 1.422.123 
Restricted 73.990 89.631 100.547 15.165 10.258 
Uri'estricled 19.413 1.159 (3.361) I07.~3 lOl.8U 
Toiol gove-rnmentol odFvilies net position 1.527.218 1.530.219 1.537.671 I..5H.I02 1.540.267 
8USINESS· TYPE ACnVInES 
Net investmeol in c:CfJitat O\sets 601.683 6lO.788 5&1.615 530.~6 SOO.l52 
Restricledl 13.m 14.632 32.148 23}04 
Urveslocled 139.~ 112.650 121 .0.0 103.8'11 135.1!iO 
Tolat business·type ocfivffies net p<»Hian 741.348 736.'KR 7'}f).287 "'.885 659.606 
PRIMARY GOVERNMENT 
Net investment in capitot O\~b 2.035.m 2.050.217 2.Q2S.101 1.952.74 0 1 .922.875 
Restricted 73.990 103.102 115.179 47.31 3 33.962 
Urvestricted 159.079 113.&:>9 117.678 2lO.934 243.036 
loial ",Imory gOYl'fnment net posHian 2.268.567 2.267.1 28 2.257.958 , 2.2lO.987 , 2.199.873 
SOtXce: City 01 SpoI:one ACCOlillting 
11'10 re:strictionot lund boIooce ~ ooceMfy!irlce the assets cre reslnded in 2013. Yeors 200-402012 hove not been restated. 
C-129City of Spokane 
 
Statistical Section 253 
 
 
 
 
  
Financial Trends 
Schedule 1 -Net Position by Component 
lost Ten Fiscal Years lexpressed in IhOuSOndS) 
loccruo l bo~is of accoun ting) 
,~""" 
2008 
'''' '"'' 
,." ,.,. 
GOVERNMEmAl ACTIVITIES 
Net investment in copitot ow~15 , 1.~10.639 , 1.3'18.671 1.0402.016 , H I 3.07~ , 111.775 
Restricted 9,536 28.~68 37.751 5.(51 19.851 
Unrestricted 115.200 93.m 80.957 51.920 37.315 
Total govltfnmelliol ocfiv~lf1; net po$l!ion 1.535.375 1.520.366 1.520.724 1.~70.~ 4 5 168.941 
BUSINESS·TYPE ACTIVITIES 
Nel investme<1t in copitol 00015 ~63 .2 17 ~36.018 381.86< 3~6.2~9 316.315 
Restricted] 24.591 25.372 31.914 19.758 15.183 
Unrestricled 156.400 149.153 150.752 160.61 5 156.314 
Total business·lype ocfivHies nel posilioo 644.208 610.543 51>5,530 526.622 487.872 
PRtMARY GOVERNMENT 
Net inveslmenl in copilal OMI5 1.873.856 1.83-4.689 1.764.880 1.759.323 428.090 
Restricled 34.127 53"0 69.605 ~:m 35m< 
Unreslrk:led 271.600 242.360 231.709 212.535 193.68'1 
Tolal primary govltfnment net po$l!ion , 2.179.563 , 2.130.909 , 2.ll86.2~ , 1.997.067 , 656.813 
Source: City of Spokone Accounting 
'No reslriction of lund boIonce is ne<essory ~e lhe cools ore reslricled in 2013. Yem 200.(.2012 hove oot been reslated. 
City of Spokane 
 
254 Statistical Section 
 
 
  
Finonciol Trencl\ 
Schedule 2 • Chonges In Net Position 
lost len Fiscal Years (expressed in lhouKlOOS) 
(accrual basis of accounling) 
fXPEN~E~ 
Gove<nmenlol oclMlies: 
Gene<oI go'e<JVllI!nl 
Mid<> 
P\.tIIc IOlely 
UIilIOe$ environmenl' 
]rcnsporlolion 
Menlol or.d ~01 hea lth 
fconorric environment 
ClMu'e ond recreolion 
Intere.1 on I<lrrg-Ierm debl 
10101 go.errvnenlol oclMliel e~ 
~-1yPe oclMlies: 
Wole</Sewe? 
S.oid WOIte 
OH>er b<.MIe».type ocTMtOe$ 
lOloll::lvWrels·1yPe octMt~ e~ 
Toial prlma"l90 . .. n .... nI u~".... 
PROGRAM REVENUES 
Go.enmen tol oclivities: 
Generol govemmenl 
Mid<> 
P\.tIIc roIely 
UIiliIOe$ enWonmenI' 
Trcnsporlolion 
Mentol ClOd phv!icol health 
Econorric envirorvnent 
ClAIue or.d recreation 
Operolflg 9'on~ ClOd con!fbolionl 
Capilol gron~ ond contrbJlions 
101ol9O''ernmen101 oclMlies prOQfOl'l1 reverrcoe. 
~type ocliYities: 
ChorQel for servicm: 
Woter/Sew« 
SoidWOIte 
Oll>er 1>JIine»-lype oclivil>e< 
OperOMg \1OO~ ond coolrWionI 
Copilol \10011 and conlrbutions 
10101 bv\irIel.I.lype octivilOe$ prOQfOl'l1 reYeI>Je$ 
10101 primory \IO.e.nmeni progrom "Y""_ 
NEI (EXfENSE)/RfVENUf 
Govenmen tol oclMties 
8~.type oclivilies 
lotol primory gove.nmenl ~ . x ~nM 
, 
, 
'Ulililiel en"ti'orvnenl previoully cbssi/ied Ol ~01 envronment , 
So<wce: City ~ Spolone AccOO'ltflg 
15.181 
"00 
109,027 
"."' ". 
22.I.S3 
19.133 
7,'r/5 
238.972 
97,160 
1(,17. 
8,601 
179.9(1 
418,91( 
](,61'7 
5.'" 
5.5111 
'.500 
'" , .... 
1.412 
16.159 
7.269 
~.(51 
116.96-\ 
68.986 
9.172 
(183.521) 
"''' 
1 • ./85 16.002 
'"'' 1.451 6.9(1 6.810 6,111 
11(.361 IIlI.D IOO.3I( 102.973 
"OM 2,11( 3,061 
(2,310 <18.(58 ((.945 
"'" '" 
,~ 
" " "'" 
2(,511 2U3ol 23.165 
3UI ( ~,., 
"'" 
25,378 
.," 8.nO 7.9'21 8.158 
258,670 2(4.29( 233.4(5 232.811 
97.360 92..(9 86,263 1)(,91( 
lll92 67.9(1 17,(26 71.101 
.m .~, .. oo •. '" 
171.27( 167.041 170,169 162.605 
, .(35,944 , m.m (I)3,61( 395,416 
, 16.753 , 11.653 , """ , 11.311 
,.'" H/J7 .. '" 4.151 
3.(95 '.'"' . ..,. 5.9(2 
~, 
"' 
,~ 
." 3.19</ . ., ". 
1(./(5) 
'" " 
m 
a075 '.55l '" 
'.00 
'''' ". 3.187 3.311 
19.200 16.762 
".'" 
2O.17ll 
11.296 18.335 
""" 
23.121 
65.342 6-\.951 71.231 7V69 
IU.078 '00'"' 93.6-\3 ..... 
6U18 70.9(( 71.918 70.(11 
6.017 ". 
.~, 
"'" "" , .. 
, 
1193.328) (17'1.3(3) 1162.21() 1160.0(2) 
, , , 
" I' 
iWoterondSewe< merged in 2013. Prior ye<:n restOied. 
C-130City of Spokane 
 
Statistical Section 255 
 
 
 
  
Financial Trends 
Schedule 2 • Changes In Net Position 
lost Ten Fiscal Years le:r.preMd in thoosonds) 
(accrool basis of accounting) 
,"""'" 
,." 
"" ,.,. 
EXf'fNSeS 
GoYerrrnentoi ocfMI~: 
Gene<aI go.errtnent 11. 1~ 7 19.7Sl ,,,., 10.621 10.759 
"""" .. '" , .... 5.~6/ 5.~~3 
"" """ ."" 
99.769 93.939 83.101 79.577 ~.m 
Util t~ et'I'tfOlVl'lef1I' 2762 
"" "n 1. ~ 19 till 
Tr<lf'llPO"lolion 39.221 31 . .a1 35.168 3"" 11.625 
Menial (lfl(t phyIicot heoIIh 
" " • " n 
[(000I'Ilc en"(lI1Il)OOt 
".'" 
23.601 >23" 12.123 u , m 
C"""'e and recreation 25,125 21.216 20.,.0 19.297 21.478 
... terest 00 long-term debt 8,201 " .. '"' 
9.752 6,095 
Totol goverrvnental oclMties e.openses 213.186 211.232 191.699 111MS m.m 
8u\Ile\.I-type oelMties: 
Woter/Sewef' " ... 
69.~~~ 
"'"' "m ".'" 
Sokj WOlle 66,911 85.'" 61.161 59.259 .,,, 
Other ~type oclMties 6,W I."" .... 6 , ~66 6,573 
10tol ~type oclMties e.>:penses 15O.IJ.51 1~.6J.I 13U69 
"'''' 
12O.lll 
ToIoI pr'tngry gov"",...rI. lperMS 3612~3 ." .. 323.166 ""00 312.953 
PROGRAM REVl:NUES 
GoverMlenlot oefMIies: 
General gcwe<rrnenl 8,9~ , 1.986 , 9,261 15,53.\1 , 9.'" 
--
3.266 3.12~ J.J>1 ". 3.611 
PuI)IC sorely 
"" 
~.19l ,,.7' "" 
3.111 
Utilities enVr(ll1ll)OOt' n .. '" 
,ro '" Ir<lf'llPO"lotion 
"" 
,.J 2,92~ 
"" "OO 
Menlol and ph)'licol heoIIh ,. 'M .. , " " [(onorric enWorvnent 1.172 .. , n, 16.621 
'" W ... e and recreotion "U 3.931 " .. 3.966 ~.151 
Operolng gonh CI'1d cootmvlions ".., I2.W 16.812 8m 8.019 
COPilot galls 0I1d cootIb.Jtions 15.~16 10.(109 9.m 19.966 ''',. 
lotol go.emmentot oclMties progom revet'OJes 59.4S8 .... 51.152 
"'" .... 
~.type octMties: 
CI"oQe$ for 'el'Vices: 
WoIerJSewer' 0", '''00 
!I),j93 
"'" .," 
Sokl WOlle '''OO "'" ".W 65.173 .," 
Other ~type activities 6.1/2 6,9/2 1.'" '.<82 
"" Operofug gools en! coolfbulion< 
'" '" '" 
189 ." 
CopiIoIl1C>"'ls and cootIb.JtiooI 1501( 11.125 lMIO 16.096 aw 
Totoll:l<.Mlel~type activities prog'OOl reven.oes 118.091 116.U2 1/4,379 15/.00.s 1~H07 
Tolal prlmcrry ~MII1II p'ogIorn ""'"_ 
""" 
m .. 225,531 , 21U3-1 192.285 
NET (EXPOOEj/REVENUE 
GoverMlenloi aclMties (ISl.698) 116<.59~1 (1~J.l7) (111.6161 11';5,8.45) 
l>W>es\.type oclMtie$ ."'" ... 42.910 3-1.750 25,177 
Total prlmcrry gooverMll1lllltlexpeme IIlS.6S81 • 11 26.7861 • 1'11.637] } {83,Q66! 1120.6681 
'Utilities erIV' ()(V1l8I1t previously closli6ed 01 physical effli'onmefIt. 'woleo- one! Sewer merged i1 2013. Prior yeoo re-sloled. 
;OI,fCe: City 01 Sporone kcOO"l~ 
City of Spokane 
 
256 Statistical Section 
 
 
 
  
Finondol Trends 
Schedule 2 • Changes in Net Position 
lost Ten Fiscal Years (exp-essed in thousands) 
(accrual basis of accoun ting) 
continued 
2013 2012 2011 2010 200' 
GENERAL REVENUES & OntER CHANGES IN NET POSITION 
Goyemmenlol OClivi t ~ : 
Property foxes , 63.701 , 63.450 , "'.900 , 57.616 , 53012 
Soles lo~es 44.871 41,478 37.559 ~.m 35.," 
U lilty loxes 55.<00 57.58-i 57,213 52.}16 $.IA37 
Olher loxes 13.866 12}59 11)1).1 13.1(4 12.85'/ 
Interest Orld irw~lmenl oomiOgs \.472 3.938 3.304 5.655 6.319 
Translers .. 11 m !ml 
" Totot governmental activities 179,361 179.226 171.119 165.901 162.O'n 
Business-type activi~es: 
Ir\ter~ 1 and irw~lmenl oomiOgs 1859) 1.232 928 1.816 2JtJ7 
Translers !(9) !171 14391 220 152) 
10lot ~·type ocliviliel Iml 1.215 ... 2.'" 1.955 
lotol primory government ! 178.452 , I ~W l , 171.606 ! 167.937 , 16-4.()(7 
CHANGE IN NET POSITION 
Governmentot octivi~~ (4.160) Il4.Il)2) (8.2241 3.687 2.050 
BWness·type acliviliel 19.690 19.0) 25.599 10.460 13.402 
lotol primory g'Overnment , 15.531 , 5.328 , 17.375 , 14,147 , 15.452 
SOIXce: City of SpoiOlle ACCCXK11ing 
C-131City of Spokane 
 
Statistical Section 257 
 
 
 
  
Financial Trends 
Schedule 2 • Changes In Net Position 
Lost Ten Fiscal Years (e~pressed in thousands) 
(accrual bmJ s of accounting) 
,~""'" 
'''' "" "OS "" 
GENERAL REVENUES .. OnlER CHANGES IN NET POSITION 
Governmenlal oc~vilies: 
Property Io.>:~ , -48.873 53.m , 52.295 I 46.055 39.431 
SoI~lo.>:~ 37.1'99 31]97 3Ut{) 32l& )),132 
UI~ty Io.>:~ 53,2().I 
"'" 
45,494 38.092 ~.636 
Ollie! loxes U.2ll 15.228 17.362 17,912 1l.006 
Inler~1 ond iw~lmenl ecfflngs 10,019 9.304 7.228 40258 123' 
lronster5 
" 
11.173) 1381 8J2 )118) 
lotal governmeolal octivitje,\ IM.~6 155.512 IbO.10b mJJJ5 120.449 
&vIi1eI\.type octrvities: 
Inter~1 ond Wlv~tmen t eorr*Jgs 6.<. 8.071 7.291 4.624 2.250 
Ironster5 11 0) 1.173 38 (8321 ". lotol busir'lel'type octM ti ~ 6.399 9.W 7.3'J!1 3,792 
"" Tololl"lmory gOYlKn ..... n/ , 170.745 \ IM]56 , 1&7.43.~ \ 143.627 \ 122.817 
CHANGE IN NET POSITION 
Governmental octivitiel 10.1.48 19.0021 19.559 22,019 (25.396) 
Businesl·lype octivitiel 
ToIol primoty government 
Source: Cilyol' SpotOi1€' ACCO\K1~ 
City of Spokane 
 
258 Statistical Section 
 
 
 
  
RnallCial Trends 
Schedule 3 -fund 8alance, Governmental funds 
lasl Ten Fiscal Yeo> lexprelled in IhoulCndsj 
lmodified QCcrual basis of accounting) 
,,"""" 
~" ~" ~n ~,. ,." 
GENERAl FUND 
--
I w. 
'" "" "" "" ~~r.cted ~, ,. ~ 
"" "" COm-nitted 1 5.o1~ 16.016 
'"'' "" "" 
- "" 
2 , 91~ 
"" "" "" 
--
16.291 
'"'' 
1 5.1~1 
"" "" 
,~'" 
""'"'''' 
36.7&6 35.991 
ToIoI9fM!allund 35.618 38,51 0 
"'" "'," 
35.991 
SPECIAl REVENUE FUNDS 
-- "" 
I l.m 
"" "" R~r.cled 
"'''' 
~H 12 .7.100 ",. "" ConvriIted 16.206 16.185 "'" "" "" 
-
9.163 8.269 9.9ll 
"" "" 
-- "" "" 
,~'" ,.", 31.~16 
"'-'" 
3l.281 31.361 
lalQlspe<;101 revenutlunds 7(932 IO.W 69.191 ~."" 62.777 
DEli SERVICE FUNDS 
-- '" 
I 
'" "" "" R~lricted "50 5.641 .,., "" "" COflVlOtted 1.2~5 
"" "" .- "" "" 
-- "" "" ,...., ,~ 
.. ~'" 
"" 
5.961 
10l0i debt servk:tlunds 6.115 5.912 'Ill 5.6/0 5.961 
CAPllAl PfIOJE!:n FUNDS 
-- '"' 
I 
"" ". "" R~tricted ~.'l'/I 38.8]( u,526 
"" ". 
COflVlOlted ". ". 
-
~ , 2U ~,9~3 
"" "" --
1~.896' [2.CI9~1 ". "" ,-'" '''' ~ ", .. 09.400 
Iotal capilal ,",ojecb lurds 26.'229 ",m ., :Jl5 ",. ~9.438 
Ialal ;ovtmm/lntallurds 1~2.89. I 150./95 I 151.38-1 I 1751~6 I 15-1.211 
Sot..fce: City 01 SpoI:one AccO<.fltilg 
C-132City of Spokane 
 
Statistical Section 259 
 
 
 
  
City of Spokane 
 
260 Statistical Section 
 
 
 
  
Financial Trends 
Schedule 4 -Changes In Fund Balance 
All Gavemmental fund Types 
lost len fiscal Years (e..,pressed in thousondsl 
(modified accrual basis of accountingl 
contiro.oed 
ro" roo> ron ro .. ,." 
REVENUES 
10JI.eI: 
PrOJ,>et1ytoxe') 62.618 I 63.262 .'" 57.156 I ",ro 
Soles toxe') ~~.61t ~1.~78 ,.,. 35.298 '.m 
UlWly toxe') _9 ,,,e. ~7.m 52.716 S~.~37 
othef tOXel 
lotottoxe') 
ocertSe\. pelfnil~ and 1001 
Intergovenvnentol 35 • .01 .,." .,," -48.131 51.302 
CI>CJ"ge\ 101 iefVicel 25.111 28.2IXI 26.91 5 15 • .0. 24.71 6 
Fines and forleito.o'e') 'J;" V55 ... 21 ~.131 4.249 
""-
6.612 10.388 9.2~~ 9.9</7 11.977 
lotol revenutl 249,648 ,= 2~6.100 245.555 2~M21 
EXPENDITURES 
Generol QOverrmenl ~.,.. 
'''''' 
27.002 , .. '" 24)98 
POOic IQletv 111.634 110.763 1()3.o.11 101.09'1 100.00-4 
Ut~tie, envf()<Vl">Ont' , 1.749 1I.le l 10.419 10.3& 
ll<nporl<Jtion 27.718 20.594 18.931 
"'" 
19.351 
Econorric enviooment 21.536 23.4:>1 23.101 13.328 "-'" Menlot and physicol heoIIh 
'" 
'00 '00 
'" '" Cuillie and recreation 13.257 24.918 23.61 6 "'SS ,,-m 
Copitot ouHoy 27.266 27.205 37.502 ~'" 69.513 
Debt !efVice: 
""''''' 
11.135 11.183 10.938 11.1138 11.208 
Inte<e')1 7.71,1 8.416 8.747 7.441 8.216 
Toto! e,...end~Uf'" 261.052 170.479 264.~64 1n.9~2 188.742 
hcel! reve..OJe' o_(urlder) . Xpend~Ufti 111.~1 111.6161 (18.u.) [2l.39l) 142.321) 
OTHER FINANCING SOURCES (USES) 
long lerm debl issued ~5 .070 
Sole 01 copilot (JIsell 2.316 ,,~ 3.194 
'" 
,~ 
Colection oIlevo/'li"lg 00">1 
other norvevet>.>ei 9 
Premiu:rr on debt iswonce m 
TrOllllen in 33.529 36.487 
"''' 
~2.232 44.413 
TrOllllerlout (31.4631 136.31 '1 1.o·l12l 1'2.2151 1 ... 3131 
Total other 1\na",,1ng SOUfC •• (u.e.) 11.61l) .," ,.'" ~6.118 
'" 
OTHER CHANGES IN FUND IALANC! 
PriOI period ~tmerrt ~ (1.2831 12.1631 
"" 
12391 
Netc~nge In fund boata"". !12.189) (6..'>68) 111.8621 ~ 
'"'' , 141./(2) 
Debt .ervk. Ql ° perc.nl<Ige allIQ""opitol 
upendaUf ti (M ,,,, toled) '.M 8.76'-' 95'" 
9.(1,-, 9.75'-' 
'Utiitiel ~onmenl nck.tdes i te~ pre'liovlly clo!lilied!J\ ph)'licol ~<.lOfl'le(II . 
SOI.fCe; City of S",*one Accoonling 
C-133City of Spokane 
 
Statistical Section 261 
 
 
 
  
Finonciol T rends 
Schedule 4 ·Changes In fund Salance 
All Governmental Fund Types 
lost Ten Fiscal Yeoo (expressed in thousol'lffil 
(modified occrvol bo~ of accounting) 
,~"'" 
'''' ,." "" 
RfVENUES 
Trues: 
PlOpeny 1000es . 8.513 ~'" 51.377 .6.(1.13 39.513 
Ret(lil1Oies and lI\e toxes .... 39.188 ."" 31.298 ..m 
I\vIi"IesS tOlCes 
"'" . '" 
~,.9 • ~'" "'" Other taxes 6.(63 •. m 9.260 10.035 ,,., 
Total Taxes 1(6.239 1.7.%4 1 ••• 2):) 125,.68 111M 
licenses, permiII, and lees 6.251 
'''' ". • .818 5.612 
Ioler9O'lenvnenhj 37.971 
~'" '''" 
26.831 
"."" Chcrges!<.or \el'Vices 21.524 11.760 16.377 16.592 15.918 
~ ood forlerlll"es ,,0' 3.H8 ",. , .... J.l3-I 
""-
101.(1.17 " ... 16.9.j/1 -10.260 "..". 
10101 ,,_enUfi1 m", "". 
220.192 219.668 111.509 
EXPENOffilRES 
General governmenl 22.265 
"'" 
19.m 17.981 19m8 
Pubk solely 98.))1 9l.3H '200' 76.259 
"'" UliIi1iesand erMonmeni ' 8.927 6.971 6.m ''''' s.m 
irOll!.jlOl1oJ'ooo 
".'" 
17.361 15 .• U 1 •• 157 13.97. 
Econorric erMonrnenl 
"'" "'" """ 
12,2)2 ••. 911 
Mentalood p/¥ical heoIIh ~ 
" " " 
U 
Cult\.le and reC1eotion 20.99. 19.179 "au 16.136 19.597 
Copilal outlay 39.707 26.'s.. 
"'" 
.1.777 '''~ 
Debl \el'Vice: 
Principal 13.729 .. '" 1(,613 62 •• 7. 
"'" Jnteesl 
Toiol e.pendilU"M L 
beelt reY*rl<rM 0\'11( (under) e x pend~urel 
OTHER FINANCING SOURCES (USES) 
long te<mdebl Mued .3.900 00'" 
'" 
29.3-12 
"''' Sole ol coplal O!:\eh 
'" '" 
1.126 
"" 
W 
CoIecTion oj revoMng IoonI 2.298 ,., 
Other noroevenJe\ 
Prerri.m on debt ioo<;r(:e 
'" TrOl""Gfoo", 
~'" •. "' 39.m .7.013 . 1.678 
JronslOOOUI 1(9.0731 138.9551 (39.0331 1.5.1631 1-IO·299l 
Toto! oItIer finonclog 1000C," (Ultl) ((,91. 62.U9 (9 1 6 n .. 61.323 
OTHER CHANGES IN fUND SALANe! 
Priot period ~Imenl 31.032 "0' " 
IWI 
Net cl'Klroge in fvPld baklnct ".8QJ 46,960 
'"' 
I re·131 ! ~ '333 
Debt service CI a percentoge <II noncop/lol 
expendllures (01 fHlote-d) "." 1 6.91'-' 1215'-' .. '" 9.95'-' 
'Ut"ies erMrOl"lfOOO1 ilcM!es items previo\JW elwified ~ pIl',OCaI enwonrnenl. 
$Wee : Oly 01 Spokane ACe ...... 1ilg 
City of Spokane 
 
262 Statistical Section 
 
 
 
 
  
Revenue Copacity 
Schedule 5 . Assessed and Estimated Value 01 Taxable Property 
Lost Ten Fiscal Years !expressed in thovsandsl 
~ 13 
Perwool property • local 738.771 , 
PerwnoI property . Ilole 5-49.624 
Real property 16.983.1~ 
Tax-exempt property 13.316.6581 
Taloltoxoble ossessed voOJe 14.954.871 
TaloidJeclloxrote 4,01.40 
Eslinoted octool taxable value 19.274,215 
Taxable O\\~ed vok!e 01 a percentage at 
ellimoled oclllOltaxobie value 77.5'r1 
SOO'ce: Spokar'le CO<XI/y AISe>s<Jf 
~" 
714,758 , 
486.363 
17.06IH~1 
13.5M..sm 
I4}OO,985 
'.'" 
19.365,207 
75.91 ~ 
contiroJed 
~11 ~ IO ,.,. 
672.4& , 692/m , 658.905 
""" 
337.2&1 316.273 
16,937.286 17.15-4.091 17.445.605 
13.067,0191 12-989.137) 12.800.9~61 
14,906.1 42 15.1 94.:m 15.539.637 
..". 4.043 3.794 
19.365.426 19.507.724 19.919.2~ 
76 ,97'f. 
"'" 
78.01'; 
C-134City of Spokane 
 
Statistical Section 263 
 
 
 
  
RevenlJE! Copocily 
Schedule 5 -Assessed ond Estlmoted Volue of Toxoble Property 
losl Ten Fiscal Years lelq)(e~ed in thousands) 
2008 
Personol property -Iocol , YfI,227 , 
PeIWIlOI property \Iole 32036 
Red property 17.2M,752 
lax-exempt property 12.829.612) 
lotol Iw.able O\.\essed volve 15.348.603 
10101 dreclla x role 3.731 
8timoled ocluol loxable value 19.377.100 
loxobie ammed value os a percentage of 
es~moled ocloolloxoble value 7'/,21" 
mce: Spokane CotKl/y Me.w.r 
2001 
539.38< 
3AU)) 
16.071.112 
12.565,426) 
14.388.300 
4.782 
18.287.335 
78.68' 
,~""'" 
"06 200' 
"" 
, 516.357 , "';ill , m.329 
3~1,050 3~2 . 69 1 3A8,935 
I~ .1)6J,,278 11.957.008 lO,603,m 
12.291.0071 12.004.48-41 11,874,6161 
12,629.678 10,1'01570 9.577.121 
5.317 5.279 4.677 
17.077.858 14,898.228 13.007.521 
73.95% 
""" 
n~ 
City of Spokane 
 
264 Statistical Section 
 
 
 
  
Revenue Copacity 
Schedule 6 . Direct and Overlapping Property Tax Roles 
los! Ten Fiscol Years 
20" 
CITY DIRECT RATES 
General Fund 2,651 
EMS Fund 0.500 
Genera Obigalion Deb! ServK:e 0.910 
!'We Pension 0,379 
Total cHV di-e<:t rotes 4,440 
OVERLAPPING RATfS 
Stote 2.373 
C~" 1 ,3.49 
$(:hooI ~I rict 6.037 
Total overtopping rates 9.759 
Total property kI~ rate (as restated) l4.I99 
Source: Spotane Cavnty ~ 
2012 
conliNJed 
2011 2010 
"" 
''''' 
2 .• 90 2.376 2.271 
0.500 0.500 0.500 0.324 
0.91 8 0 .... 0>28 o.m 
0.365 0.356 0.33'/ 0.361 
.J3? H3.j 4.Q.43 3.747 
2.0101 5 2.3.46 2.2011 '002 
1.3016 1.279 1.239 1.198 
'.005 5.906 5.'" 4.8201 
9.856 
"" 
9.13-4 8.024 
t •. 195 13.765 13.177 11.771 
C-135City of Spokane 
 
Statistical Section 265 
 
 
 
  
Revenue Capacity 
Schedule 6 - Direct and Overlapping I'roperty Tax Rah~$ 
Lost Ten Fiscal Years 
CITV OIRECT RATES 
Genefol fvnd 2.262 
EMS"'" ,."" 
Genefol Obigolioo Debt Setvice OM' 
Fte Pension 0.323 
Total city direct rates 3.m 
OVERLAPPING RATES 
State ,." 
Cooo' 1.191 
Sctloot Oi'ltriCt (3-12 
101<11 avertoppirlg rates 7.431 
ToIol properly tax rate (as reriated) 11 .225 
Source: Spokane CO\.01Iy Assessof 
2'" 
2.3-17 
0.373 
0.676 
0335 
3}31 
Lm 
1.226 
~.211 
7.3U 
\ 1.097 
c<:nClvded 
200' 
"" 
2.832 3.150 3.139 
0 . ~1I 0.462 0.500 
,<>9 1 .2~ 1.191 
0.~50 0.450 0.H9 
082 ~.317 5.27'1 
2.19~ 2.631 2.91 2 
1.361 I.Ul 1.557 
4.739 5.~48 5.783 
8.294 9.512 10.252 
13.076 101.829 t5.531 
City of Spokane 
 
266 Statistical Section 
 
 
 
  
C-136City of Spokane 
 
Statistical Section 267 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
This page intentionally left blank. 
 
  
City of Spokane 
 
268 Statistical Section 
 
 
 
  
Revenue Capacity 
Schedule 8 -Property Tax Levies and Collection Percentage 
Last Ten Fiscal Years lexpressed in thousandsl 
'''' 
COLLECTED WITHIN THE fiRST YEAR Of THE LEVY 
T()l( levied I 63,217 I 
Amount coiected 61.~48 
Uncolocted t()l(es in the klvy yea 1}69 
Percentage colleded In the fifst yeor 97.m 
IOTAL COLLECTIONS 
Previousty defnquent laxescoftected '.'" 
Total property to~ collected 63.288 
Total lox collected a! 0 percentage 01 the current 
year levy ' 100.11 % 
2012 2011 2010 
63.78J I 61.057 I 57JJ» I 
61.900 58.945 55}8J 
1)60 2.112 2.Q.47 
97 .2 1~ 96.~ ~ 96 ,~ 6~ 
,"" 1.977 1.572 
63.012 60.922 57.355 
98.83'1.i '19.781 '19.181 
'1IIhe coiection ot deinquent taxes from eorier yeors exceeded the cUfleol yeor'sdeinqo.renl taxes. the percentage cDneded may e~ceed 1()()%. 
$OlKCe: Spo.I;one CO\Klty ASSe$$Of 
contnued 
"" 
58,007 
56.11.4 
'''' 
96.m 
1.1'15 
57.959 
'19.9~ 
C-137City of Spokane 
 
Statistical Section 269 
 
 
 
  
R evenve Capacity 
Schedule 8· Property Tax Levies and Collection Percentage 
lost Ten fiK OI Years (expressed in lhousandsj 
COUECTEO WITHIN ritE F IRSI YEAR OF THE LEVY 
T ax levied , 53,~35 , 
Amounl collecled 51.~90 
Uncollecled laxe-; Wl lhe levy y~ 1,9~5 
Percenlage collected in lhefir,! year 96 , 36~ 
IOTAl COlLECTIONS 
Previously deinquenllo xes coHecled 1,126 
10101 property to~ colle-cled 52.716 
lotol!ox colle-ct&d os 0 percen/<:lge oIlhe current 
yeor levy 1 98,65'4 
2001 2005 
59, 9 ~5 , 57.261 , 50.268 
51'" S5.696 50, ~ 26 
"''' 
1.565 11581 
'653" 97.271. 100.311,; 
1. 81~ IA)) 1.'" 
59.678 57.126 51.m 
99.S5" 99.761. 1()3,oo,; 
'11 Ille collection ot detinquefl!loxes from eerier yeoo exceeded !he curren! yeo's deIoqoent toxes, the percentage colected may exceed 1001.. 
SOO"Ce: Spokone County A$e5S(Y 
,~""" 
,.,. 
. 3,506 
~ 3,72() 
121~1 
IOH9:r; 
1.599 
~5,319 
1().I,171I 
City of Spokane 
 
270 Statistical Section 
 
 
 
  
R evenue Copacity 
Schedule 9· Sales SubJect to Retail Sales Tax by Industry' 
Lost Ten Fiscol Yeors (expressed in thousonds) 
'01' 
Relclllra6e: 
SuiIdng materials. garden eq ~ pme!1t and suppies , 203.601 
Generol Merchandise Itores 392.777 
Motor vehides orI(j porn 3-47 ,39~ 
AI other retail $Ole 9'17.751 
Total rel(ll soleI 1.941.524 
COIlIln.lcfion 494.080 
AccomodoliOlll and food \elVice 522.202 
Wholelo1e Irode 3-44.160 
Information 196.120 
MOnuiaclLring 78.211 
An other roUlmes 525.231 
Totallalel Jubject 10 reioD JOIeI ta~ , ~.IOJ.528 
Direct $Ole tQ.'l role os resloleof 6.51. 
'01' 
, 188.568 
~IJ.OO7 
32~.~22 
916.2Q.I 
1.662.201 
409.tm 
502.990 
3-41.))3 
191),046 
77.005 
497.142 
! 3-B80.296 
6" 
I Ir.dl!Itry cloI~liCalionl ore boIed on North Americon Inch.o$lry Ckn~flCo1ion Sy$lem INAICSI Codes. 
, Siole IQ.'I rote only: exck.KJe-; toeal mlel lax rote. 
SO(l'ce: Spokone Coonty Assessor 
cont01ved 
2011 2010 20" 
, 186.186 , 195.160 , 188.667 
~05.991 ~19.9~ 1 426.161 
274.396 272.287 271113 
"""" 
92H48 916.129 
1)70.109 1.610.836 1.8D4.I70 
361.236 354.745 398.715 
462.938 4.t8.952 <30"" 
312.Q3.4 312.464 326.271 
163.236 173.360 182.296 
77.339 77.810 SJ.!lA5 
4M.039 496,613 490.181 
, 3.6XI.931 , 3.614.780$ 3.715.7!lA 
" . 
6.51; 6.51; 
C-138City of Spokane 
 
Statistical Section 271 
 
 
  
Revenue Capocily 
S chedule 9 -Sales Subject to R etail Sales Tax by Industryl 
lost Ten F iscal Yeafsjexpressed in thousands) 
RetcitTrade: 
BliIdng moteriols. goodell eQ\.Opmeflt and wppie$ 101.'" 
Geneml MerchcJn(jse ,tores 4t5.ut 
Motor vehicle ond pta11 293.139 
AI othel" retcil\Olel 971 .117 
lolot relOO sole 1.881.882 
Corntruclion 473.291 
Accomodotions ood food ,ervice 441.01 9 
Wholesale trade 355.355 
Intormolion 
""''' 
Manutocturing 96.459 
AI ather ndustries 482.707 
Totol so l~ subJecl 01 retoM sola lox 3.919.602 
Direct ~ t(Jl( tote os restote<f 6.5," 
"" 
, t82.4~ , 
375.tJYI 
333.620 
1.013.?97 
1.'XI5.682 
521.:03 
431.00l 
396.W 
174.437 
82.5tl 
492.33'1 
, 4 .003.800 1 
6.5," 
' IndustryclooilicolionsCl'e based on Nor1h AmeOcOl1lnclostry CIosIificohon SY$tem IN"'ICSI codes. 
? S tate tox rate any: excivdeslocolsotes tox rote. 
Source: SpokoneCouo/y Assessor 
"" "OS 
t 76.532 , t47.27'1 tu.5(,2 
368.010 33"99 3tl.335 
321.940 315.532 337.575 
971.493 893.007 819.11 0 
1.837.975 1.690.217 1.612.582 
503.590 418.948 3(,4.2X1 
400.00) 361.361 343.326 
370.131 337'" 331.766 
167.697 160,717 168.393 
83.544 67.900 63.544 
4H.O~ 435.945 «)1.591 
3.836,'/93 , 3.H8.987 , 3.291.452 
6.5'; 
'" 
6.5'" 
City of Spokane 
 
272 Statistical Section 
 
 
 
  
Revenue Capacity 
Schedule 10 . Dlred and Overlapping Sales Tax Rates 
lost Ten Fiscal Vears 
SALES TAX RATES 
Slate 
Ci1ydifecl 
C~" 
SpoI:one IrOlllil 
De-por1menl 01 ~eveooe AOOliniskolion 
Other Cities 
P\.'bk foc ili t ~ Dillrict 
Total ",Ie. lax rale 
COMPONENTS Of CURRENllfAlt SALES lAX RATE 
Slate 
local' 
I'ubic Solely 
Dm-ooIMlice 
Spoi:;one TrOlllil 
wer"ie Delention C>"ld focilities 
I\tlk focili t ~ Dil<;:lricl 
Menial Health 
Emergency COO1ITI<.Olicalionl and EQo..ipmenI 
Total 
.= 
0.8743 
0.5411 
0.5940 
0.021 0 
0.,,, 
0."'" 
•. "'" 
.500 
I.'"' 
01111 
0.100 
0800 
0.100 
0.100 
0.100 
0.100 
'.100 
""" 
0.6166 
0.5-111 
0.5940 
0.0210 
0.068J 
0."'" 
• . "'" 
, loxOOle retoillQles bose<! upon local .QS.11m eounlyldly soles lox c~1ionI per R(W 82. U.OOO. 
wee : Wo1W>glon Slate DepOrtment 01 Revenve Sale! ra~ OistrVulioo SUfI"VllO'Y 
conli1ved 
urn .= •. = 
0.6766 0.8765 0.891 6 
0.5-113 OSoll5 0.541 2 
0.5940 0.59..0 0.5940 
0.0210 0.0210 0.0210 
0.(1681 0.(1681 0."" 
0."'" 0."" 0"'" 
8}I))) 6.7001 
."'" 
C-139City of Spokane 
 
Statistical Section 273 
 
 
 
  
Revel"l\le Capacity 
Schedule 10 - Dlred and Overlapping Sales T ax Rates 
LOll Tefl Fiscol Year; 
SAltS TAX RATES 
Slate 
""" 
OIydfecl .. '" 
C~, " ... 
Spokane TrOOliI 0". 
Deparlmenl 01 ~ever>Je AdrTWlistrolioo 0.0210 
Oltler Cities 0"'" 
Ptbk: FodIilie1 0iI1ric1 OJ.., 
Toiol solello~ rote •. mo 
,~w.J 
,." 
"" 
,= ,= ,= """ .. ," O,,~ O,,~ 0"" 
0.4414 0.W3 0.3423 0.1824 
0.59.0 " .. 0". 0". 
omoo omoo 0.QI9O 0.0190 
", .. 0.052/ 0.0523 0.0316 
0""" 0.'"" 0'"" 0'"' 
.,," ..... 8.4999 ."'" 
1 1000abie ret(j !.aiel baled upon LocalA\-l.M co I TOJ(abie retcil \Ole'; baled vpan Local .()5.I.M cOlJllly/oly!.alel 1m coleclicrr6 per I1CW 82.14.ol:1 
City of Spokane 
 
274 Statistical Section 
 
 
 
  
Revenue Copocity 
Schedule I I . Number 01 Retail Sales Taxpayers by Industry' 
Current Fiscal Yea and Nine Yeoo Ago 
"" 
Il\dusl!y Number 01 .o~ 
PlKcfnt 01 rota! 
IUs/nesSfS IlIIInelifS 
Retcriltrode i5ro 
"''' 
WhoIe<oIe kode 2.m 2 
"'" 
Ccn\lfoction 2.m 3 ,,, . 
.o.lt other ilcMtries' 2.\Ot , 11.~ 
Mo"logement IlWcOIion. <nd ,,,. 
hedlh !8i"Ac8$ , , ... 
MMUlocl\.ling I,m • ,." 
Prole-"ono1. IDenlilic. and teclricat 
.-. I.I~ .,. 
Ae<;arnrncxJotion> cn:1 lood seMces .~ 8 3$$ 
O!hef service-I .~ 
• 2." 
Arts. enlertcirvnen1. and reaootion 
'" '" , .". 
",. '''''2 '00"", 
Industry 
Rettliltrode 
C~"""'" 
wtJoieIde trade 
--'" Mtn:lgemenl. education. <nd 
,,,"",,.,,. 
f'lo!~. scientillc. 0Ild l&etncol 
--
Accorrmadotions ond food IelVicI.l\ 
Monu/ochmg 
.o.lt olherl-dultrieo;' 
Am, entert<:irvnent. and recreation 
'o!her services consisl 01 rep<j' ond mci"ltenarv;e. perwnal5eIVi<;1.I. and rl.llgiou!. civic, <nd olher orgoriZotion>. 
, ..... other inO..ostries indudfI 10011.111011.1 0Ild lenlolleW\g. tr<nporlo1ion end WCI'ehousing. end inlormoloo 
So<.rce: WoshiIlglon Stote Depalment o1l1evenue 
"" 
Nvmberol 
'00' 
'lKcent 01 rotot 
11/IIne.s-. 10000nflifs 
3.275 2641; 
2.138 2 17.n; 
"" 
3 
"'" 
''''' 
14.47; 
'" , ,,,. 
• 5.S1; 
~, 7 4.4" 
535 8 ,,. 
'" • 37. 
'" '" "'. 
12.421 'X,,'" 
C-140City of Spokane 
 
Statistical Section 275 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
This page intentionally left blank. 
 
  
City of Spokane 
 
276 Statistical Section 
 
 
 
  
Debt Capacity 
Schedule 12· Ratios of Outstanding Debt by Type' 
Lost Ten fiscal Years leXP'essed in thO!J50nds except per capital 
GovernmenlQI Acfiv~ iel 
Generol ob5golioo bonds 
Special O\.SCsunenl bonds 
Pl!bk: work<; 1M! fund oons 
Promilsory noles 
Hou\Ilg ood Urbon Development Se<::1ion Ill! loons 
Ioiolgovernmenlol oc!lviflel debt 
BUllnell' TVpe Acli.aiel 
Gotl revenoe borxI 
Sok1 wasle revenoe bond 
Sewer reveove bond 
Arem reveove bond 
PubIc Worn 1M! fund loons 
Capitol ~oses 
Sewef stole revotvilg loons 
10101 bUlinell'iype oc~Yillel debt 
10101 primary government debt 
oebl Rollos 
ToIol Primary Government 
~alio 01 10101 debt 10 pe<wnoI incomel 
10101 debt per copito) 
Generol Bond Debt 
Rolio 01 genefol booded debt to tOlCobie vOIve of property' 
Generol bonded debt per Capitol 
' Reier 10 Nole 9 lor Iong·lerm iobiIity activity. 
' Pe!lonol income doto con be lound in Schedule 15. 
I Population dolo coo be 10IXld in Schedule 16. 
'Toxabie value 01 property con be Iouno' in Schedule 5, 
Sotxce: City 01 Spokane Accoonlr.g 
I 
I 
~13 
"" 
152.990 I 
6~ 
I."" 325 
1~.03.S 
7,651 
,,~ 
10,179 
105.214 I 
N" 
7ro 
1.01< 
m 
continued 
"" "" "'. 
163.590 I 174.120 I 184.335 150.175 
9~ 1.370 
"" 
2.525 
1.290 1.5J8 1.787 1,0J5 
325 325 3~ 315 
166.170 171.353 188.292 155,060 
520 1.005 1.405 1.9<)5 
<"0 13.985 
',501 10,130 11. •• 3 11.8-40 
11>33 1.431 1.498 1.283 
n!l55 12.566 22.666 39m3 
189.025 I 189.919 I 210,956 I 194,073 
0,96" Ll2'1. 1.19'> I."" 
~7 .. 1.020 ... 
1 ,II" I.li'1o 1.21" 0.9i'1o 
779 831 ~I m 
C-141City of Spokane 
 
Statistical Section 277 
 
 
 
  
Debt Copocity 
Schedule 12· Ratios of Oulstandlng Debt by Typel 
lmt Ten Fiscot Years lellP'essed in thousands except per capita) 
Govelf\menlol Aelivme$ 
Genef!l obiQotion bonds 
Speco assessmenl bonds 
Pubic WOO:-; lMI Fur.d loom 
PromislOf)' noles 
~ ond Urborl Developmenl Se<;lion 106 loom 
lotol Governmenlol Aelivities D9b1 
8usiness·lype AeHvffiel 
GotI feverlJe bond 
SOid Wasle fevenue Dood 
$ewe< revell\le bond 
Arena reveroue bond 
PLJbIic WOO:-; lMI Fund loons 
Copild leoles 
5ewefl lole revaNing kxlos 
10101 Business·type ,6..eHvities Debt 
lololl'fimary Government D ebt 
Debt Roliol 
lololl'limory Government 
Rolio of 10101 debl 1 0 poooooI income? 
10101 debt p(ln;opit-r 
Gen&rol Bond Debt 
Ratio 01 gell(l!'01 bonded debllo laxoble value 01 Ploperly' 
General bonded debl per copilol 
I Refer 10 Nole 9101 toog.le<m iabitity activity. 
1 PeIWOO1 income dolo con be fwno' in 5chOOvle 15. 
1 PopvIotion dolo con be lound in SChedule 16 . 
• laxObie value 01 Ploperty con be lound in Schedule 5. 
SOO'ce: City of SpoI:one ACCO!Klling 
, 
, 
200' 
160,590 , 
3.070 
2.283 
3.25 
166.268 
2.320 
38.935 
12.573 
n 
I.'" 
55.259 
221.527 , 
1.3.1<\ 
1.00~ 
1.051-
'" 
,~""" 
200. 200. 
"" 
130.290 , """ , 112.465 , 123.807 
3.905 ..... 5.'" 5.516 
1,578 
'''' 
2118 '.188 
m 3.25 3.25 3.25 
21.350 
136,098 105.936 120.197 153,388 
Vl5 3.095 3..,," 3.525 
50,150 70.755 63.785 96,11(1 
12.857 11.918 13.1010 10.137 
.. M 10. ,~ 
1..91 1.562 I. ... 1 .398 
67.257 87.3'14 101.898 111 .933 
203."" , 193.3XI , 222.095 ! 265.321 
1.3.3.< 1.37"4 1.7 I" 2.12'-
'002 9~ 1.118 ',3.<' 
0.911- 0.78'- 1.~1- I.,.. 
.. , .~ ... '" 
City of Spokane 
 
278 Statistical Section 
 
 
 
  
C-142City of Spokane 
 
Statistical Section 279 
 
 
 
  
Debt Capacity 
Schedule 13· Legal Debl Margin Information 
lost Ten Fiscal vears lex,oressed in thousands) 
LEGAL DE8T UMIJ CAlcuunON ' 
iOJ( (ll\(moo volve of properly 
7.5'4 debl i"nit 
Debt ;etVice imitation 
Debl oppKob«! 10 lhe imit: 
Generol ~WI bonds 
Prorrisrory no l ~ 
Compensated omel\C~ 
Of'ES (other postemploymenl benetit) klbity 
lel~ CZlSeb ovOObIe Irom GO Bond Fund 
10tol net debt op~obIe 10 the ciebl imil 
legol debt ~giJ 
Ratio at nel debt oppkoble to the debt imit 
1 Reter 10 Nole 9 fOf Iong-Ierm iobitity octivity. 
l Personotincome dotocon be found in Schedule 15. 
3 PopoJolion doto COIl be found in SChedule 16. 
'ia>;oble value oj property can be found in Schedule 5. 
SOtxce: City of Spokane AccOtXllir'lg 
I 
I 
200' 
15.34$.603 lOSS.))) 
'.m 7.m 
1.151.145 1.079.t23 
160.590 130.290 
325 n, 
9-"" 7.658 
I.m n7 
15.317) 18.296) 
166.947 130.304 
984.198 I 948.819 
14.m 12.0~ 
,~""" 
200' 
"'" 
12.629.679 10.8((1.569 I 9.577.121 
7 . m 7911. 7"" 
947.'116 SID.OIl 7IS.284 
"iHJ 56.44(1 60.136 
'" 
3" 
'" 7.541 7.26< 7)"' 
,2< 
18.3-i4) 18.IS1 ! {l,9SS! 
98}26 55.871 10,., 
I ... ,.,. I 754,166 I 657,944 
1O . 4 ~ 6.90\ •. .". 
City of Spokane 
 
280 Statistical Section 
 
 
 
  
Debt Capacity 
Schedule 14 - Pledged Revenue Coverage 
lost len Fiscat Years lexpre;~ in thousands) 
ReGIONAL 5OUO WASTe MANAGEMENT SYSTEM ReVENUE BONOS ',S 
Gloss Revenue! 
0pe<01V>g~ 
NeIAvokible Revenue 
D.bt Setvk.: 
PMcipoi 
..,Ieresl 
Covo=<og. Rolig 
GOlf REVENUE BONOSU 
Gross Reverues 
OperoiOg bpenses 
NelAvciloble Revenue 
Oebt Service: 
PMcipo! 
..,Ieresl 
Covo=<age Ratio' 
SPECIAL ASSESSMENT OEBT ' 
GrOll Revenue!' 
OperalWlg E>:penses 
Net Avoioble Revenue 
Debt S«vke ~ 
-
..,telesl 
Covo=<og.e Ralio 
I Relelta Nate 9 for Ior\g"lerm klbiIily oclMty. 
, 
3'" , 
2.621 
m 
SW 
• 
Uj~ 
, , .. 
, .. 
'" '07 
'" 
, 72,m 15J8J 
51.051 54,),1 
21.948 21.002 
8.200 15,725 
". 1.183 
'" '" 
3fm 2,975 3.217 
2.511 
'''' "" '" 
'W ~3 
'" 
US on 
72 ro 
'" 
"" 
Oj~ '.M 
700 ~. , ,Oll 
700 
'" '''' 
15' m ~. 
'" 
"7 'M 
". '" 
095 
'The Gall food revenue did nat meet the role covenant tor 2011·2013. howevelthe debt W<lI re~ed in 2013, The 001 revenue ratio ~ requied 10 be 1.25. 
loperalWlg e>:perl!es lor Gall do nal inclJde depreciation. 
'&:.lances restated 
loebt reli'ed. 
13.261 
52,903 
W358 
1~ ,950 
1.991 
,W 
3.136 
,,,. 
'" 
~3 
'" ,,, 
~7 
~7 
m 
205 
1.07 
C-143City of Spokane 
 
Statistical Section 281 
 
 
 
  
Debt Copacity 
Schedule 14 · Pledged Revenue Coverage 
lost Ten Fiscot Yeors (e~p'essed in thousands) 
REGION,l..l SOUl> w,l..m MANAGEMENT SYSTEM REVENUE BONOS" 
Groo~e.~ 
Operoting Expen\es 
Nel A.oiIobIe Rev-erne 
Debt Service: 
PMcipoi 
Inlerest 
Cove.-oge Ratio 
GOLF REVENUE ION OS') 
Grool.'ev~ 
Operaling~ 
Net Avok:ble Re.enue 
Debt Se!v\ce: 
PMcipoi 
Interest 
CovlHoge Rotio' 
SPECIAL ASSESSMENT maT' 
Gross Re.enues' 
Operoli'lg E>:pen5es 
Nel .... cjjobIe Reven.>e 
Debt S ervic .~ 
...... 
Inlerest 
Cove.-oge Ratio 
, Refer 10 Note 9 for Iong·term iobtIy octiv;ty. 
, ." 
76,061 
"'" 26.728 
11.215 
'''' 
1.94 
,,~ , 
In' 
W 
U, 
,. 
'" 
, 1.»7 , 
I.»] 
'" '" 
1.21 
,." 
78,495 74.526 70.70S 
47.005 45.133 42.431 
31.00 ~;s" 28.274 
~."" 
"'" 
".3J5 
3.410 •. 219 
'''' 
'" 
Lro ,." 
3.195 , ... , '''' 2.1018 
'''' "'00 
"" 
L039 
'" 
'" '" 
,~ 
'87 
"' 
W 
1.95 1.95 1.14 
,,,, , , .... ,,,, 
,,,, , .... 1.»7 
"" '" 
'M 
'" "' '" 
0 .• 2.13 '.n 
'The Golf Fuod revenue oid not meet the role covenant for roll ·rol3, howe.er the debt was reli'ed in 2013. !he net reven,oe rotio ~ leQlJled 10 be 1.25. 
'operoting expenses for Golf do not nciJde dcpreciolior1. 
"8oIonces restated 
50ebt reli'ed. 
Sou-ce: City 01 SpoI:one "'cCO<.f1ling 
, ~'5J 
0", •• n 
11.665 
5.736 
'" 
,,~ 
2 .231 
,n 
'" 336 
1.31 
, 1.92'1 
1.92'1 
U., 
"' 
'.0 
City of Spokane 
 
282 Statistical Section 
 
 
 
  
DemographiC InlOflTl()lion 
Schedule 15 - Demographic and Economic Statistics 
City of Spokane vs. State 01 Washington 
Lasl Ten fiscal Yean (exprel\!~d in m~liOIll excepl per copilo) 
coo-......ed 
." ." . " ... "'" 
Cly cr Spoko .... ' 
Perronol income' ., 19.@ I 17.028 I 
'''" 
I 16.132 
Perceol change ., 15.~ •. m I.m 0 . 2~~ 
Percopila' ., " " " • 
-",' 37.21 37.13 )].11 Y." 37.11 
School efII"oIrnerl!' 29.2!>1i " .. "'" "'" 
29.261 
~I'ole' ,. '00 .. " .. " ,., 
Conso.mer price O)de, (CI'II' "'., m .• "". 
2"21.20 218K1 
CI'I percent cIlooge U6~ 1.16~ 
"" 
1.111,1; .,,, 
SkU cr Wo.hingIon' 
PMoooI ncome' 327.871 I 311.m I m.," I 
""" 
I 276.728 
Perceot chonge 3.24 5 . 9~ 5.76~ ,.'" <.M 
Percopito ~7.031 
. ,,'" "' . .,," .",. 
So\.fces: 
'W<lIIlnglClll 510le OfIice cr FfIcrocioI Morolgernef\ t 'spotooe I\tlk School! DilIric1 
'U.s. 8u"eou 01 Ecooomic Mo/vIiI 'U.s. 8u"eou 01 tol.>cM 51aliltic! 
Ispoi;CI"18 ~ oow I1d.oded in the SpctOl"le-Spal:.onc vole:t MSA; 2012 W()! ,estaled 0\ a reM! 
Demographic Inlamotion 
Schedule 16 - Population Comparison 
City of Spokone vs. State of Washington 
losllen Fiscol Yeoo (expressed in Ihousonds) 
~...., 
." ." ." ... "'" 
City cr Spoka .... ' 
PopvIolion 211.0 210.0 "'., "" "" Net roeos.e (Oecteose) 
" 
1.0 
" " " Perc",.,! change OS, OS, I", OS, '" Carrwnenb 01 chcnge: 
.'" 
00' ., ,., 00' ... 
"'"I" ~I.I 
"' 
'.1 •. , ., 
Net rrq"Jian , .. 1.252 ,." 2.116 ~,I02 
Slclecr Wa .~' 
.- "" .. 6.817.8 6.767.9 6.m5 6.612.2 
Net IncrecM )Deaeosel 
"" 
~9,9(l 
". "" 
"00 
Pelceol cIxrIge 0.95~ 0.7~~ 
"''' 
O.7~ O.9~ 
C~lsol~: 
"'" '" .., .J .. , ., ".,," "., . , .. ~7.7 .ar 
Nel rrigalion 26572 
"'" "'" "'" "-m 
Scuce: 
'WosIWIglon Slate OIIice 01 Fn:lncioI ~t 
C-144City of Spokane 
 
Statistical Section 283 
 
 
 
  
Demographic Inlormalion 
Schedu le 15 · Demographic and Economic Statistics 
Ctty 01 Spokane n , State 01 Wastling/oll 
Losllen fiscal Yem lel:pesred in miIIioos excepl per copilal 
CiyoiSpokor\e ' 
Penonol "'come' 
Pe.cem chooge 
Pel copilo' 
..... "',,' 
School eA''*'>en1' 
UnempIoymenI role' 
Cr;:.nso.,mer price 'nde< (CPlt' 
CPI perc."t chonge 
SIol.oI W OI~ ' 
Penonol i'Icoole 
Percllflt chooge 
Percopilo 
Soo..wCel: 
"" 
'"'' 
I 
..... 
" 
36.96 
.. '" 
"" 219.110 
3.~~ 
"'.'" I 
6.1"'; 
44.106 
'WO\IWlgIOll Stole Office of Ro<:rocioI Mon<Jge01er1I 'spdooe f\dc Schools ~lricl 
"'tJ.s. 8r.I'eov 01 Econorric N'dyIiI 'U.s. 8r.I'eov oIlobcw SloiGlicl 
'SpoI<one Grrow iIldrKled" It1e SpoI<~SpoI:one Yaley MY.; 2012 wos resloted os 0 resul 
Demographic Information 
Schedule 14· Popu lation Compariso n 
Ctty of Spokane VS. State 01 Washington 
lost len fiscal Yeoo (el:pessed in thousands) 
,." 
Cilt' 01 $pokone ' 
,- "" Net LrlcrOOle (Oe<;rer;lIe) 
" Pe.CIlflI chonge 0_ 5~ 
COI"Il)OOeI1I1 01 chcrrge: 
... "., "'",. 'J 
N et rng-olion .,ro 
Siole 01 washington' 
Populolion 6 ,600.2 
NellrCreale (Oecrea.el .m 
Pelcem chonge 
'''' Componenll 01 change: 
.... ., 
""'" 
47.9 
Nel rrigolion "'" 
500..wce: 
'WosIW'IgIOIl Slole Office 01 ~ Mor>ogemenl 
"'" 
I 1 (1~ I 
"'" 
I '''''' .'" 
8.U~ Hl~ .. '" 
" " " " ... .. " • . " .. .," 29,815 ~,., 
~'" . ., ' .00 .. " '" 2Il ,2O 205.70 19890 193.00 
3.16~ 3.4~ 3.06~ ,.m 
272.625 I 252,091 I 
""" 
I m.422 
!1.I5~ 
"" ,.'" 7.(6~ 
42.192 39.570 36.iM ~.9'i8 
,""""" 
,." ,.,. 
"'.0 "'.0 \99,0 197.0 
' .0 ' .0 
" ,,. 
'" '" '" '" " . . •• "' "' '" "' '" '" 4,968 ,,~ .," ''''' 
6.525.1 6.420.3 6.2988 "03.5 
, . ., 121.50 
"'" "., ,.'" 1.9n J..I5~ 
'"' 
." ., ." •• 46,2 ." 4).6 .. , 
63.237 83.~9 ~.O79 46.698 
City of Spokane 
 
284 Statistical Section 
 
 
 
  
Demographic Intormalion 
Schedule 17 . Annual Average Civilian labor Force Unemployment Rates 
City of Spokane vs. Stale of Washington 
lost Ten Fiscol Yeors lexp.'essed in Ihoumndsl 
City ot Spokone' 
CiYiiorllobor force 
&npIoymenl 
10tol unemployment 
Unemploymerlt pefCerltoge rote 
Stole ot WOJhlnglOl'l' 
Civik!n low force 
Employme;11 
10101 unemploymel11 
Unemployment petcentoge rote 
Soo.Kce: 
'Washington S iole Office of fw1onciol MO!'I0gemerll 
2013 
224,690 
206.870 
17,820 
'" 
3.43-1.100 
3,196.320 
237.8.(() 
.. , 
2012 
m,9b5 
21O.DB3 
19,882 
Ml 
3. ~ 81.400 
3,197,290 
28-4,170 
8." 
continued 
2011 2010 200. 
230}0l 235.293 238,026 
209.153 212tJ81 216.121 
21,5(9 23,212 21,905 
9.3;c. ." .. " 
3,~82.(41) 3.516.010 3,523).((1 
3,161,820 J.1661l&:1 3.194.250 
320.420 349.1)) 329.490 
'" ." 9.4% 
C-145City of Spokane 
 
Statistical Section 285 
 
 
 
  
DernogrOpNc Inloonotion 
Schedule 17 . Annual Average ClvUlan Labor Force Unemployment Rates 
CRy of Spokane vs. State of Washington 
lost Ten fiscal Years (expressed in thousands) 
City of Spolcone' 
Civiioo klbol force 
,_, 
10101 unemploymenl 
UnempIoymeol pefcenloge rote 
Slot. 01 wosNogfon' 
CNioo labor falce _, 
'oIo1~1 
~t t3«cenloge roie 
Sou"ce: 
'WOltWlgIon Stole OIke of moociOI MOl 1OgCi11(;1 II 
"''''' 22~.se.. 
t3.H3 
5.6% 
3.m,020 
""..., 
188.180 
, .... 
,." 
231.5.56 
22O.m 
11.1)6.1 
'.s. 
3.386.170 
3.232.650 
1$4.120 
225.M7 
21(H5 
11.202 
,o. 
3.319,250 
11S5.300 
163." 
.... 
,." 
223.00'1 
21O.m 
12.596 
5.6% 
3.2~.5l) 
3.075.970 
I~"" 
218.731 
204.415 
1016 
'" 
3.199.2~ 
""..., 199.110 
City of Spokane 
 
286 Statistical Section 
 
 
 
  
Demographic Informafion 
Schedule 18· Principal Employers 
Current Fiscal Yeer and Nine Yeors Ago 
2013 
Employ&r Rank 
Stotc 01 W<bhiogton 
Providence SOCied Heort Medicat 
Centef 1 
Spokane Pubic Schook 3 
92nd,.. RellJeing Wtng. foWchkl M 
force Sase 
Oly ot5POKOIlI:! 5 
SpoKone County 6 
Cenkot Volley School District 
W""",,, 8 
URMSlor~ , 
RocKwood CiOC PS 10 
To1ol 
Percentage 01 C()O.01ty Employment 
SOurces: 
Ju .. ,oul u/ &Mil!>; 
Bureau of Loborood Stotistics 
Numb&ro! 
Employeel 
~ ,t65 
3}t5 
3.0.9 
2.892 
1.956 
I.ns 
I.m 
1.3'/3 
1.332 
I.»; 
23.170 
I I.m 
2004 
EmploYIIf Rank Numb&r 01 
Employees 
Fairchild Aiiorcc Bose 5.61 6 
Socred Heort Medical Cenlef 1 3.232 
United S totcs Government 3 3.1H 
SpoKane Pubic Schook 3.126 
S iolt! of Wmhogfon 5 2.678 
Oly of Spokane 6 2.025 
Spokane County lim 
Empie Heolth Services 8 1.650 
URM Stores , L4~6 
Community Colleges of SpoKone 10 2.523 
27.679 
lJ.54~ 
C-146City of Spokane 
 
Statistical Section 287 
 
 
 
  
Operating Information 
Sch edule 19 . full Time Equivalent Stoff Comparison 
Last Ten F iscal Years lexpressed in millions except per capita) 
Function 21l1J 
"" 
Generat government 2U.l » , . 
Pubic safety 754.7 791.3 
1I1ii1ies envionment 6~6.0 "".0 
1rornporlotion 127. 8 135.3 
Econorric envJonment 53.3 55.5 
Mental ond physical health 
Culture and recreation 169.5 177.9 
Copitol 
1otol 2.037.( 2.121.8 
Percentage change ·Hll I.'" 
I ~estaled 
Source: Cilyol Spokane ACCOtKlting 
"" "" 
278.5 279.6 
776.3 807.0 
"'.0 676.0 
137.3 1~ 7.3 
56.7 62.2 
10004 185.7 
2,(197.2 2.157.7 
·2.81. .o.llt 
200. 2007 "'. 2005 2004 ' 
300.' 2M.6 2." 270.6 269.\ 300.5 
826.5 821.5 804.7 7M.O 7671, 845.1 
641.0 618. 0 .,60 599.0 586. 0 516.6 
H6.3 1~3.3 H3.3 137.3 139 . ~ ",. 
62D 61.2 .,.7 56.7 57.7 ., .. 
183.7 180.7 179.2 176.9 172.2 191.2 
2.160.1 2.110.3 2.0H.6 2.025.5 1.992.2 V25. 0 
2.41,; 1.71< 2 . ~1,; 1.71,; ·6.n. 
City of Spokane 
 
288 Statistical Section 
 
 
 
  
Operating InfOl'mation 
Schedule 20 • Operating and Capital Asset Indicators by Function 
General Government 
Lost Ten Fiscal YeeKS 
2013 
MUNICIPALCOURr' 
N1JIT1ber of fii~: 
p- 55.219 
infroclion 12.636 
Criminal 8.387 
10101 fiWlgI 76.242 
, ~ 001 ir.ctude pholo red viololions. 
So«ce: Cily of Spol:o~e AccolKlling 
2012 
conlinveO 
2011 2010 
6,H29 57.355 62.327 61.828 
15.300 17.88'1 22.465 24.137 
8.963 9,496 IO~8 10.827 
87}72 84.740 95.140 96.792 
C-147City of Spokane 
 
Statistical Section 289 
 
 
 
  
Operating Information 
Schedule 20 - Operoling and Capitol Asset Indicators by Function 
General Government 
Lost Ten Fiscal Years 
MU NICIPAL COURTI 
NlKflbef of lings: 
'<ili>g 
Infroclion 
Crinioal 
10101 fiings 
I Does nol inclvcle pI\Olo red vioIolionl. 
Soo-ce: City of Spo/(orJe Accounling 
62.1Ri 
19.481 
9.973 
n.U3 
200' 
63.932 
16.~31 
1O.3&) 
90.743 
conclvde<.l 
200' 
60,002 69}46 78.491 
21.653 31.m 'li.231 
10.970 ,.8<, 9!J3' 
98.625 117J82 116}65 
City of Spokane 
 
290 Statistical Section 
 
 
 
  
Operoteng tntOOflOtion 
Schedule 21 · Operating and Capital Asset Indicators by Function 
Public Salety 
lOll len Rlcol Ye<n 
con1h.ted 
." ." ." ." "" 
roueE aEPAATMEHI 
!'hysicol Mesh 
'" '" '" '" '" 
Propetty O'me!: 
.. - '''' "" "" 
". "" 
,~~ 12.789 " .. \0.23\ 10.17. .... 
""'" ,. "' .. '" '" Auto IheH 
"" 
W> 1.718 
"" 
1.737 
- " '" '" " " lotol property crimes 
"'" 
19.059 15.523 15.519 
'"'' 
I'erwI ames, 
""""" " " , 
-' 
'" " " " " ,\Q!10v0ted AS500JII no >Y 
'" 
", 
'" loki peoon crimes ". '" '" .. ., 
IIvmber 01 slofioos 
" " " " IIvmber 01 patrollrils • " " " " IIlmber 01 poke V<!I'OcIes 
'" 
,ro "' '" 
>SO 
N\.<nber 01 mok:fcvc1e. 
" " " • '" 
lIRE DEPARTMENI 
....,.",." 'e<p<W'Oe 
_.",m '.,", u'" to. "ro 1,710 
Slruch.oe rre 1.518 1.511 
"" " .. "" Serlicecal 
'" "' .. ". .. 
~cIous moIeriois "' '" '" ". "' vehiclem ,. ,. '" '" '" ....",..."., .. '" '" '" '" '" TJO!IlI~lerli:e 
'" 
y ,OO 
Extricotion • " , , • """"""" " '" " " " 10101 rrilent Je\jlOIlIe H25 
'''' "'" 
(,069 '.198 
Emergency Re.p0r6e 
8o!ic ife IUf>POI! '0>, U.571 
''''' 'W" """ M-onced ife IUf>POI! 11.021 10.62' 9.810 9.696 "OO 
Motor veIid& occident 
'"' "" ,." "" 
1.985 
Atrtlub"lce ~Mller ant; 
" " ToloiemergencyJ<!Ij)OI"l>II 28.m 27.7(3 25.027 2(.111 
"'" 
nspeclion! condvc1ed '"'' OJ' 9.2X1 '.m 9,262 
IIvmber 01 fie ItofionI 
" " " " " 
IUllDllIG DEPARTMENT 
Re\iderl1O peo-mih iswed 
'''' "" '"' 
DO' lL" 
Corro:nerOoI permits iswed 
'" '" ., .n '" 10101 perrriI$ issued 
'''' 
3,(10 
"" '.201 "'" 
ReliderltioI pemWt vWeI (e.pressed "'1hooIond!1 lCO,lOO 101.00) ,OO"" "'" ..., 
CQrTVOOIcioI perrri1 vd.JeI (e>pre!led "'1IIou!orldI1 
10101 perrri1.0t0es 
""" '".,., 
Socrce: City 01 $.J)<lI:one ACcO<.olIilg 'Giideioe1 fCI delri>g ,~ we<e changed ... 2013 
C-148City of Spokane 
 
Statistical Section 291 
 
 
 
  
Operating Information 
Schedule 21 · Operatlog and CapHal Anet Indicators by FuncHan 
Public Safety 
lost Ten fiK<)1 Years 
,"""""" 
"'" "" "" "" -
POUCf DEPARTMENT 
~o! """M ". 8,110 .. " a.m .w 
PrOPerty Crimes; 
...... 2,269 2.175 ". "" "" '-
7 .218 7.1$11 ,,., 7.932 12.763 
....., .. ." m .. '" IwtoThefi 
'''' "" ,m '''" "" - ,. " " .. " lolol property crime! 11.5-13 11.878 12.261 
''''' 
18.328 
Peo:son Crmes; 
"""'"" " " " " . .,.' .. " " " " Aggo:r.oted .o.ssooII 'M 
'" '" '" 
m 
10101 p""oo crimes ., .. '" '" •• 
~ oIstotions 
" " " " " NIKrt>er 01 potroI uriII 
" " " " " NuYber 01 pok e vefjcle! 
'" '" ,. '" '" Noobe< 01 mol<n:yele! 
" " " " " 
fiRE DEPARTMENI 
r.cide<1t resp<ne 
""""" Vltem 
'''' 
1.11) ". "" 
1.786 
Skvcl\«! fie 
"" '''' "" "" 
1.183 
Se<Yice col ., W 
'" ., '" ~moleriol> 
"' '" '" '" '" veticle Fi'e 
'" '" 
m '" '" """""'"' .. "' '" m 
'" '" IrO<h,ldumptte< tire 
'" '" " " " Eltri<;o!ion 
" " " " " "'- " " " " " Tol<JI i'Icide<1l retpOr'lSe .. ., '. m 4.4lS ~ .161 ~.2~2 
fmerge<>ey ReIPO'I'e 
80tic lie wppor! 
'"'' 
11.217 10oO-i~ 
"" 
9.ot~ 
Advanced lie wppor! 10.5'17 . ,," ... "" 
8.260 
MOtor ve!'icle occdenl 
'''' '"" 
2.231 un ,.", 
~e i"onsTer Oft.( 
" " " " " 10t<JI emergency respoose 2~ .• ro 230W 2l.281 
""" 
19.551 
I'IIpeCIiooI cC<"ll1ocled 100Mi .. ., ''''" 
11.181 9.907 
Number 01 fre .Ioliool 
" " " " " 
IUI(DIN G D E PARTMENT 
R~polJJrit\itsued 3.212 3.196 "n 3.m 
""' Corrmercial permit! ""-'eel ." UOO 1.015 
"'" '" Tolo! pe<rrits iswed US'; ';.696 
.'" .," '." 
~ioI permit ~ (e>pressed;-, Ihousondt) 119.200 151.0100 m.162 197.61 0 157.533 
Commetciol peom;t.oloe\ (e>pressed;-, Ihou!ond!I ,. 
10101 pemlT.<*IeI U 
Sowc .. : CiJy 01 SpoI::or>e ~ ' ~ lor defirW1g rOPe were chonged " 201 J 
City of Spokane 
 
292 Statistical Section 
 
 
 
  
Operating Information 
Schedule 22 . Operating and Capital Asset Indicalars by Function 
Transportation 
lost Ten Fiscal Years 
"" 
SIREET DEPARTMENT 
NlKnber of pOOing violations 55,383 
Sheet res!.Olocing (lone rti1es1 
" Grind and overlay Isquare yardsl 74.985 
sm potch ($QV(I'e \'<lI'dsl 9.185 
Potholes rcpored (SQI!O!e yc.dsl t2.326 
Deicer oppfied lexpressed in thousor.d gollonsl 
'" Iroction sol'ld appied (tonsl 1.048 
Mies 01 sheels: 
Cemel'll cOrlOete povemel'll 11 
kphaH pIoot or rood rriI< m 
l)itvrllinovs s<J<lo<:;c: Irc:ollTlc:nt "I' 
Gravel or crushed roc ~ 27 
onond~ov ed ~ 
0'" 3 
10101 sheet mres 
'" 
Miles 01 sidewalks I."" 
Number of slreet ighls! 12.905 
Number of tmffic sigrIoIs 2" 
Number of poUlg melen 2.&17 
Number 01 bridges 
" 
"" 
6~ . m 
" 63.633 
"JOO 
t3.12( 
1.166 
1,146 
>0 
'" "I' 
" 31 
3 
." 
1.167 
13.270 
~, 
2.H~ 
38 
r NlNI1be! of street ighh ioc:~ city-owr.ed and mointcioed ighl poles as wei as time leased trom Avisla. 
Sol1"ce: Cily of Spokane Accounling 
conlinued 
"11 ,,>0 2009 
"..., 61.103 ".500 
" " " 60.917 75.m 59.021 
(6.705 9.101 1"1.569 
15.301 7.'" 11.243 
1.115 ~I ~, 
'" 
1.278 
'" 
, >0 
" 90S .,. "', 
"I' "I' "I' 27 27 ~ 
31 31 31 
3 3 3 
'" '" m 
1.167 1.155 1.250 
13.~ 12.990 13,009 
252 252 251 
2.81( 2$" 2.8(8 
~ ~ 38 
C-149City of Spokane 
 
Statistical Section 293 
 
 
 
  
Operating Informotk)n 
Schedule 22 • Operating and CapHal Asset Indicators by Function 
Transportotlon 
lost Ten Fiscol Yeors 
STREET DEPARTMENT 
Number of poOOng vioIotions 61.~\O 
Street ftl5!.I1ocing (lone rriesl 23 
GMd ond o"eOOy Ilquore yardsl 18.701 
sm patch (SQUOIe yord'i) 52,933 
Potholes repcWed Isquore yardsl "JJ68 
Deleer opp5ed lexpressed in thovland gotIonIl 
'''' IroclionlOnd oppied 110m) 3.m 
~of \ treel$: 
Cement concrete pa;emenl • 
ASphalt pIonl or rood rm ~, 
SJlurnir1ou1 swoce treatment • 
GrCl"~ or cNlhed rock ~ 
Oirl ond unimproved 33 
SkI 3 
loto1 street miles 
'" 
Miles of sidewolb '12' 
N\.mber of Itreet ighk' 13.001 
NOOlbei ot trame signals 251 
NOOlber 01 pOrI:ing metetS 2!152 
Number 01 bridges 38 
"" 
65.013 
" 48m6 
27.118 
8,478 
1'" 
J.71l 
• 885 
, 
3J 
n 
3 
95. 
1.229 
10,687 
2511 
''''' 38 
I Number 01 slreet ightl incWes cily-owned ond maintained ight poles os wei os those leased Irom Avisto. 
SO!xt;e: City 0/ SpoI:;one AccOO'lting 
"'. "" 
00,011 66,777 17.860 
" " " 1Un 59"" 49,489 
25,898 39.495 51.482 
7.oll 8.902 7.981> 
SIl2 "'62 903 
~2 ".3 1.073 
• • "" 88J ." '" , , "" ~ 33 
"" 3J ~ 
"" 3 3 
'" .M 96' 1.102 
1.215 
"" "" 
10,681 10.658 11.169 
2511 251 ~, 
2.717 '.658 2.206 
38 38 38 
City of Spokane 
 
294 Statistical Section 
 
 
 
  
Operaling InfCffllOlion 
Schedu le 23 • Operating and Capital Asset IndicalOfS by Functi o n 
Utilitie s Enviro nment 
losl len Fiscol Years 
." . " ." ... 
WATER DErAR1MENT 
Mie\ of wolel ~ 1.070 
"" 
I.OSI 
NuTW ot lie hyd'onll 
'''' "" 
1.312 
Sl<J<oge c~1y lexpreMd in miIon goIonl) ," ," ," 
NuTW 01 seMce conneclions 
"'" 
73SI~ 71311 
NuTW ot rew corneclionl 
'" 
,~ 
'" Ave<oge ~ cor>!I.JIlllion le.xpressed in Ihousond goIonll .," S7S91 ~,117 
Pe<* d<;iIy c~1io<1 (expressed in IhooIa>d goIonll 128.2:11 119.119 119,"0 
WASTEWATER DEPAIITMENT 
NuTW 01 seMce corneclion! 70,100 69,931 69.001 
SCriI(I'y ~ {expressed in lilies) .. US US 
SInon \eWefS le.xpr~\ed in mle!) U, U, W 
Daily Ireolme<ll copodly le,.:xessed in Ihoo.Wnd goIonIl .... ",00:1 .... 
Ave<oge ~ lreolmenllexpreMd in IhooIa>d goIonIl .. .., ,,,. ~"" 
saUD WASTE MAN/l.G£MEN T D E P/l.R1ME~ ' 
EIec!ricol generolio<1le.<p1e\sed in ornooI mwhl 'U,", 170.Q5.6 m~. 
So6d waste cisposed lexpreMd in 1or6) 296.988 291,9U In.911 
A:J'> generated by wosle-to.energy tocily lexprel!ed in 1or6) 7l.621 um 19.811 
feROM rnetoll re<::OVeled lexpresled in tOOl) " .. 8.702 " .. 
Recycled moIeOois colecled lexpreMd in 10f111: 
City (esiOenliol c~ ,,. 10.175 8.5" 
City conmeroo coleclion ". 1.951 " .. 
sngIe SI,eo;m re\idenIioIICom:nelcOat cole<:tion· 18.'18 ,,. ,,. 
Colection Poinl Sources lexpressed in 1001): 
C00TI1V /Re<jonI;J c~ and cOl1Yl'lel'Cial IU88 " ... ... 
T'OOITer ,tolion ,ecydng centers 3.176 3.098 3.m 
City fkII recydng poogcm ". ". " . 
Ceo~alzed cornpostWlg .2.950 .. " 
31.l~ 
Household haladovl WOlle 
'" . , "' 
caDE ENfORCEMENT DfP/l.RTMENT 
I'UTIber 01 legal durnpI. privule poooerty ,,, ," ,. 
Nvrrt>e< ot legal ~ -rIglt ol w<If W " .. 1.713 
Nvrrt>e< 01 zori"Ig ~ 
'" 
• 83 .. 
Nvrrt>e< of rlOise oc:o-i:::ncel , • • 
I'UTIber 01 r .e hozo'd compkJinh m ,~ 
'" Nvrrt>e< 01 boAdng ofliciol compIoin~ ~, , .. ," 
t.I...mber 01 jeri; ve!lcle reports 
'" '" t.I...mber of "*I waste c~ 'M I.otO ,,. 
Nvrrt>e< of nlscebleovs compkJinll • ,. 
lot(j complc.W1~ 3m. 
"" 
3,m 
, The aly SakI Wasle MOnogemen! ~ pCI1 01 00 interlocol ogeemenl with SpoI:;ooe Comly 00:1 othet oeq,boMg citiel Oetoill C<)1 be found ot 
hHp:l/l.pol:.<.Y>e\Oktw(Kte.ccm . 
• Otv ,eSiOentiOI ccob5ide 00:1 CorMleIOO coleclionl were cCfll<*doled io SiogIe Sllearn co&eclionl in 2013 
conlirwJed 
"" 
"" "" 7.15.4 ". ," ,. 
"," 
",,, 
". ,. " .• 61,311 
115S1~ 126,191 
•. ." 69.631 
W 
'" '" '" .... ' .,00:1 
38.110 38.691 
111.1'1 163.250 
319.883 329,S88 
." .. 11.238 
'.085 9 .• 301 
,0>0 8.151 
2.912 
'''' ,,. ". 
"ro 
8,~38 
, .. 3,7'/1 
,,. ". . ",. 43,11 • 
... "' 
.. 83 
,,,, ,. .. , ~, 
.. " ~, 
'" '" ". ., ". 
1,71' '00 
, " . ... 3.129 
C-150City of Spokane 
 
Statistical Section 295 
 
 
 
  
Operoting Information 
Schedule 23 . Opefotlng ond Copital Asset Indicators by function 
Utilities Environment 
Last len Fiscal Years 
"" 
,." ,." 
WATER DEPARTMENT 
~ 01 wale( rnoios ,." 
'''' 
,~ 
Norrt>eI oI!;"e hyd(Yl\s 1.172 ,.,. "" Storoge copacity le:<prelied il mlkIn goIonsl '00 ,. '00 
Norrt>eI oI!efVi<;e conneclionl 
"'" 
7.-513 
"'" Norrt>eI 01 new comeclionl 
'" ,.., "" AVe(og<l doily c~liorIlel<P'eISed in Itoo\oOd gOIorr;l $8.1. 3 62,U9 
".'" Ped doily COl'WYlPtion lel<P'el:led illl'looMnd goIons) 1.2.277 129,~ 150.371 
WASlfW.I..TER DEPARlMENI 
No.o"rbeI oI!eMce conneclionl 69,/J1J 69./J1J 61.(XXl 
$onj1G'Y!eWer! lel<P'eMd il miIeIl 
'" '" ., 
Slorm sewoo lel<P'~ in miIeIl 
'" '" '" DIWf Ireolmenl copacity lel<P'essed illhoo\ald goIons) "!XX> ••. (0) ... (XXl 
Averoge doily tleolmenl le)(jX~ in IhovIond goIons) >m y.m .1.300 
SOLtD WASTE MANAGEMENT DEPAIIlMENT' 
Electricot geoerotion le>preOOd il <JrV"O.>d mwI1) 
'""" 
IIO.m 171AOO 
Sold wasle dsposed (erpre\wd in toni) 331.596 
"'''' ""'" MIl geoeroled by wasle-Io-energy fodity lel<P'essed in lonI) ro.", '"'' 
81.61'1 
ferrO<!! metoll reeovfled (Cxples\ed il t~1 ..... "" 
8317 
Re<::yC~ materiots coleded le<pressed iltonsj: 
City ,esidenliol c...roside "'3 ..... 8.916 
City c OO'WllefOO coleclion 
"" 
V. 2,6.6 
SilgIe Stream residenIiI:iICOO'WllefOO colection 
"" ". "" 
CoIection Poin! Soo-ces lel<P'es\ed in t~l : 
Coo.r1tyfi!e9onOl clJblide and com:roeroo 8.916 9.968 IO.~1 
T'onIte< \tolion ,ecydng cenloo 3.~1. . .. ,. •• 316 
City fi(II recytr.g progOO1 
"" " " Cenhohed compo\Mg 
"'" 
.7,211 .2.905 
Iio<JIehoId hozodou! waste 
'" "' .. 
CODE ENFORCEMENT DEPARIMEN1 
Norrt>eI 01 Ie!P ~. private property 00 
" .. 
~ 01 Ie!P ~. righ1 01 W<Jo{ 1.096 1.182 1 •• 61 
Norrt>eI of wring vioIationl 
'" '" '" Norrt>eI 01 ooise vCJicnces 
No..mbe! of !;"e horoId c~~ 
'" '" " No..mbe! of Iluickog oIIidot c~k 
'" '" 
ro 
Norrt>eI of jI.olI:; vencle!epcrl\ 
'" '" 
n 
N!.mbe! Gf Ioid waste c~k n, , .. '" Norrt>eI oIlIiIcel<:>ne<lYl c~k 
" .. '" lolot cOfil)kink 3.m 3,1115 
"" 
, The dIy So5d WOlle Mo"logement iI po-! 01 (VI illeOOcol ogeement";!h Spokane Coo.r1ty and a!tler ~ cities. oeloi\ con be toone! oj 
hltp~/WOkonesoidwClje.com . 
• City rri:lentlot c~ and COOWl1efOO colectionl weo-e c~ted in SilgIe Stleon colectionl .. 2013 
,~-
"" 
.. ." "'3 6.182 
'00 '00 
ro}>. .," 
1.197 
"" ~1,1.j(l ".m 
".". 129.m 
,,!XX> 
""" '" '" '" '" U,(XXl "!xx> 
""" 
33.210 
118.01 I 11'1.121 
332.109 =. 
.,~ 
&,,' 
6.491 
"" 
"'" 
9116 
2 •• 9S H21 
". ",. 
10.239 9.169 
"" 
.m 
ro 
" .2 .• 66 .$.911 
'" '" 
'" '" ,., '''' ill 31O 
'" '" ill 
'" '''' 
1.136 
'" "' "" .,., 
City of Spokane 
 
296 Statistical Section 
 
 
   
C-151City of Spokane 
 
Statistical Section 297 
 
 
 
Operating Informalian 
Schedule 24 · Operating and Capital Asset Indicators by Function 
CuRure and Recreation 
Lmf Ten F i ~al Years 
PARKS DEPARTMENT 
Number of pOOs mointoined ~ 
Por\:: ocrooge 1.281 
Numbel 01 golf cwses 
Number olswirr\rOOg pools 
Number 01 spIo$h pod\: 
Number 01 fennis cOlll1s 
" Number 01 corrmunify cenlef'; 1 
NlJffiber 01 boIJ:etbol courts 
" NL'mber 01 olhie1ic fields 72 
Number 01 '>kale po1ti 2 
NlJffiber 016MX bike Irocb NIIA 
Port troils lmies) 27 
AQUOtic cenler ~ "IA 
RecrooliOn progrom regi$lronlS t3.830 
Goi1,_ tb1.655 
RiverfrOilI Pori:: ollrocliOO ollendees 856.22~ 
SporI$ complex field rentot lhours) "t' 
LIBRARY DEPARTMENT 
Number olibrCKies 
Number ollbrCl)' polrOil visi~ 862.698 
Number 01 vofur1\e$ in ibrory colle<:tiOn 525.602 
Number 01 volumes booowed 1,908,1)) 
SotKce: City of Spokane Acc(l(J(Iting 
2007 
~ 
1.281 
" 1 
" 72 
"IA 
27 
", 
'" 174,21 2 
866.469 
'" 
816.))5 
533,678 
1.69M37 
",,,""'" 
2006 2005 "," 
82 82 82 
1.281 1.281 1.102 
• 37 37 37 
1 1 1 
15 15 15 
72 72 72 
2 
"IA NIA "IA 
27 27 27 
'" 
"IA "IA 
"IA "/A "IA 
167.2S8 169.~O7 Il ~.792 
862.220 813.062 857.159 
"/A "IA "t' 
814.147 .,,"" "IA 
St7.825 527 A ~ 5UJ.l65 
1.787,500 1}33,048 1.941.769 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[This page intentionally left blank.]
C-152 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
APPENDIX D 
 
 
 
BOOK-ENTRY SYSTEM 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[This page intentionally left blank.] 
D-1 
BOOK-ENTRY SYSTEM 
 
 
The following in formation (except for the final paragraph) has been provided by The Depository Trust Company, 
New York, New York (“DTC”), and the City makes no representation as to the accuracy or completeness thereof.  
Each actual purchaser of a Bond (a “Beneficial Owner”) should confirm the following with DTC or the 
Participants (as hereinafter defined). 
DTC will act as securities depository for the Bonds.  The Bonds will be issued as fully-registered bonds registered in 
the name of Cede & Co. (DTC’s partnership nominee) or such othe r name as may be requested by an authorized 
representative of DTC.  One fully -registered Bond certificate w ill be issued for each maturity of the Bonds in the 
principal amount of each such maturity and will be deposited with DTC. 
DTC, the world’s largest securities depository, is a limited-pu rpose trust company organized under the New York 
Banking Law, a “banking organization” within the meaning of the  New York Banking Law, a member of the 
Federal Reserve System, a “clearing corporation” within the meaning of the New York Uniform Commercial Code, 
and a “clearing agency” registered pursuant to the provisions o f Section 17A of the Securities Exchange Act of 
1 9 3 4 .   D T C  h o l d s  a n d  p r o v i d e s  a s s e t  s e r v i c i n g  f o r  o v e r  3 . 5  m i l lion issues of U.S. and non-U.S. equity issues, 
corporate and municipal debt issues, and money market instruments (from over 100 countries) that DTC’s 
participants (“Direct Participants”) deposit with DTC.  DTC als o facilitates the post-trade settlement among Direct 
Participants of sales and other securities transactions in depo sited securities through electronic computerized book-
entry transfers and pledges be tween Direct Participants’ accounts.  This eliminates the need for physical movement 
of securities certificates.  Direct  Participants include both U .S. and non-U.S. securities br okers and dealers, banks, 
trust companies, clearing corpor ations, and certain other organ izations.  DTC is a wholly-owned subsidiary of The 
Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation (“DTCC”).  DTCC is the holding company for DTC, National Securities 
Clearing Corporation and Fixed Income Clearing Corporation, all  of which are registered clearing agencies.  DTCC 
is owned by the users of its regulated subsidiaries.  Access to the DTC system is also available to others such as both 
U.S. and non-U.S. securities brok ers and dealers, banks, trust companies, and clearing corporations that clear 
through or maintain a custodial relationship with a Direct Part icipant, either directly o r indirectly (“Indirect 
Participants”).  DTC has a Standard & Poor’s rating of AA+.  Th e DTC Rules applicable to its Participants are on 
file with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  More information about DTC can be found at www.dtcc.com. 
Purchases of the Bonds under the DTC system must be made by or through Direct Participants, which will receive a 
credit for the Bonds on DTC’s r ecords.  The ownership interest of each actual purchaser of each Bond (“Beneficial 
O w n e r ” )  i s  i n  t u r n  t o  b e  r e c o r d e d  o n  t h e  D i r e c t  a n d  I n d i r e c t  P articipants’ records.  Beneficial Owners will not 
receive written confirmation from DTC of their purchase.  Benef icial Owners are, however, expected to receive 
written confirmations providing details of the transaction, as well as periodic statements of their holdings, from the 
Direct or Indirect Participant through which the Beneficial Own ers entered into the transaction.  Transfers of 
ownership interests in the Bonds  are to be accomplished by entr ies made on the books of Direct and Indirect 
Participants acting on behalf of  Beneficial Owners.  Beneficial  Owners will not receive cer tificates representing 
their ownership interests in Bonds, except in the event that use of the book-entry system for the Bonds is 
discontinued. 
To facilitate subsequent transfers, all Bonds deposited by Direct Participants with DTC are registered in the name of 
DTC’s partnership nominee, Cede & Co., or such other name as may be requested by an authorized representative of 
DTC.  The deposit of the Bonds with DTC and their registration in the name of Cede & Co., or such other DTC 
nominee, do not effect any change in beneficial ownership.  DTC has no knowledge of the actual Beneficial Owners 
of the Bonds; DTC’s records reflect only the identity of the Di rect Participants to whose accounts such Bonds are 
credited, which may or may not be the Beneficial Owners.  The Direct and Indirect Participants will remain 
responsible for keeping account of their holdings on behalf of their customers. 
SO LONG AS CEDE & CO. IS THE REGISTERED OWNER OF THE BONDS, AS NOMINEE OF DTC, 
REFERENCES HEREIN TO THE BONDOWN ERS OR REGISTERED OWNERS OF THE  BONDS SHALL 
MEAN CEDE & CO. AND SHALL NOT MEAN THE BENEFICIAL OWNERS OF THE BONDS. 
W h e n  n o t i c e s  a r e  g i v e n ,  t h e y  s h a l l  b e  s e n t  b y  t h e  R e g i s t r a r  t o  DTC only.  Conveyance of notices and other 
communications by DTC to Direct P articipants, by Direct Participants to Indirect Participants, and by Direct 
Participants and Indirect Particip ants to Beneficial Owners wil l be governed by arrangements among them, subject 
to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time to time.  
D-2 
Redemption notices shall be sent to DTC.  If less than all of t he Bonds are being redeemed, DTC’s practice is to 
determine by lot the amount of the interest of each Direct Participant in such issue to be redeemed. 
Neither DTC nor Cede & Co. (nor any other DTC nominee) will con sent or vote with respect to the Bonds unless 
authorized by a Direct Participant in accordance with DTC’s Procedures.  Under its usual procedures, DTC mails an 
Omnibus Proxy to the City as soon as possible after the record date.  T he Om nibus P roxy assigns C ede &  Co. ’s  
consenting or voting rights to those Direct Participants to who se accounts Bonds are credited on the record date 
(identified in a listing attached to the Omnibus Proxy). 
Payments on the Bonds will be made to Cede & Co. or such other nominee as may be requested by an authorized 
representative of DTC.  DTC’s practice is to credit Direct Part icipants’ accounts upon DTC’ s receipt of funds and 
corresponding detail information from the City or the Registrar , on payable date in accorda nce with their respective 
holdings shown on DTC’s records.  Payments by Participants to B eneficial Owners will be governed by standing 
instructions and customary practices, as is the case with secur ities held for the accounts of customers in bearer form 
or registered in “street name,” and will be the responsibility of such Participant and not of DTC (nor its nominee), 
the Registrar, or the City, subject to any statutory or regulat ory requirements as may be in effect from time to time.  
Payment of principal and interest on the Bonds to Cede & Co. (o r any other nominee as may be requested by an 
authorized representative of DTC) is the responsibility of the City or the Registrar, disbursement of such payments 
to Direct Participants will be the responsibility of DTC, and disbursement of such payments to the Beneficial 
Owners will be the responsibility of Direct and Indirect Participants. 
DTC or any successor (the “Depository”) may determine not to co ntinue to act as securities depository for the 
Bonds, and the City may advise the Depository of its determinat ion to discontinue book-entry of the Bonds through 
such Depository.  If the City is unable to retain a qualified s uccessor to the Depository or the City has determined 
that it is in the best interest of the City not to continue the  b o o k - e n t r y  s y s t e m  o f  t r a n s f e r  o r  t h a t  t h e  i n t e r e s t s  o f  
Beneficial Owners might be advers ely affected if the book-entry  system is continued, Bond certificates will be 
delivered to the Beneficial Owners or their nominees in registe red form, in the denomination of $5,000 or any 
integral multiple of $5,000.  In the event the book-entry syste m is discontinued, the persons to whom Bond 
certificates are delivered and in  whose names the Bonds are reg istered will be treated as “bondowners” for all 
purposes of the Bond Ordinance. 
The City will have no responsibility or obligation to Participa nts or the persons for whom they act as nominees with 
respect to the Bonds regarding (i) the accuracy of any records maintained by DTC or Participants of any amount in 
respect of principal or redemption price of or interest on the Bonds, or (ii) any notice which is permitted or required 
to be given to Registered Owners under the Bond Ordinance (exce pt such notice as is required to be given by the 
City to DTC), or (iii) the selection by DTC of any Participant to receive payment in the event of a partial redemption 
of the Bonds, or (iv) any consent given or other action taken b y DTC as Registered Owner of the Bonds, or (v) any 
other event or purpose.  The City and the Registrar may treat and consider Cede & Co., in whose name each Bond is 
registered on the Bond Register, as the holder and absolute own er of such Bond for the purpose of payment of 
principal and interest with respect to such Bond, for the purpo se of giving notices of redemption and other matters 
with respect to such Bond, for the purpose of registering trans fers with respect to such Bond, and for all other 
purposes whatsoever.  For the purposes of this Official Stateme nt, the term “Beneficial Owner” shall include the 
person for whom the Participant acquires an interest in the Bonds. 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
APPENDIX E 
 
 
 
GREEN BONDS LETTER 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[This page intentionally left blank.]E-1
October 15, 2014 
Subject: Second Party Opinion of Sustainability of the City of Spokane's Green Bond 
To Whom it May Concern: 
Scope 
CH2M HILL 
1100 112th Avenue NE 
Suite 500 
Bellevue, WA 
98004 
Tel 425.453.5000 
Fax 425.468.3100 
The City of Spokane is selling Green Bonds to finance green projects. Through these projects, the City is 
seeking outcomes with respect to water quality, water quantity, and climate resilience; overall, these 
projects are designed to be environmentally beneficial. 
CH2M HILL was commissioned to provide a second opinion on the sustainability credentials of the City of 
Spokane's Green Bond (associated with the City's Integrated Clean Water Plan [ICWPJ) according to the 
Green Bond Principles (GBP) Voluntary Process Guidelines for Issuing Green Bonds, dated January 13, 2014. 
Basis of CH2M HILL 'Opinion 
Compliance with the Green Bond Principles 
CH2M HILL evaluated the City's Green Bond to show that the City of Spokane is meeting the GBP to finance 
green projects that will positively impact and protect the environment and the health of its citizens and 
customers. The criteria against which the City of Spokane has been reviewed are grouped under the four 
Green Bond Principles: 
• Principle One, Use of Proceeds 
The Use of Proceeds criteria are guided by the requirement that an issuer of a Green Bond must use the 
funds raised to finance eligible activities. The eligible activities should produce clear environmental 
benefits and may include renewable energy, energy efficiency, sustainable waste management, 
sustainable land use, biodiversity conservation, clean transportation, and clean water and/or 
drinking water. 
• Principle Two, Process for Project Evaluation and Selection 
As described in the Gap, the Process for Project Evaluation and Selection criteria are guided by the 
requirements that an issuer of a Green Bond should "outline the decision-making process it follows to 
determine the eligibility of an individual investment using Green Bond proceeds." 
• Principle Three, Management of Proceeds 
As described in the GBP, the Management of Proceeds . . criteria are guided by the requirements that a 
Green Bond should be "moved to a sub-portfolio or otherwise tracked by the issuer and attested by a 
formal internal process that will be linked to the issuer's lending and investment operations for 
projects." 
• Principle Four, Reporting 
The Reporting criteria are guided by the recommendation that at least annual reporting by the bond 
issuers should be made ofthe use of bond proceeds, and that quantitative and/or qualitative E-2
PAGE 2 
OCTOBER 15, 2014 
performance indicators should be used, where feasible (for example, reductions in greenhouse gas 
emissions or pounds of pollutants removed). 
The work undertakeR to form our opinion included the following: 
• Development and review of conceptual designs for stormwater, combined sewer overflow, and 
wastewater treatment plant green projects that were included in the City's ICWP, all of which are 
centered on providing clean water and/or drinking water. 
• Development of a process to evaluate and select projects for inclusion in the City's ICWP. This process 
included consideration for each proposed project's lifecycle cost, environmental benefits, social 
benefits, and operational benefits . 
• Estimations of pollutant load reductions due to the implementation of the recommended projects 
included in the City's ICWP, which are expected to remove significant amounts of pollutants on an 
annual basis, as demonstrated in the following table: 
. . , .. : .. . . 
Total Phosphorus 121,900 pounds/year 
Fecal Coliform 897,000 billion CFU/year 
Total Suspended Solids 1,455,000 pounds/year 
Total Zinc 1,070 pounds/year 
PCBs 29 grams/year 
CFU = colony forming unit 
PCB = polych lorinated biphenyl 
• Development of a post-construct ion monitoring plan that the City will use to measure and report the 
environmental benefits to its regulatory agencies due to the implementation of the projects 
recommended in the City's ICWP. 
Findings and CH2M HILL's Opinion 
Based on CH2M HILL's involvement in developing the ICWP, including the development and review of green 
projects, development of an evaluation process to select projects, estimation of pollutant loads, and 
development of a post-construction monitoring plan for reporting to its regulatory agencies, it is 
CH2M HILL's opinion that the City of Spokane's Green Bond is in alignment with the Green Bond Principles. 
A thorough documentation of the findings and work undertaken to form our opinion is included in the ICWP. 
Sincerely, 
CH2M HILL 
~~~{ 
Jennifer Price 
Program Manager 
CH2M HILL E-3
PAGE 3 
OCTOBER 15, 2014 
About CH2M HILL 
CH2M HILL was founded in Corvallis, Oregon, in 1946, and has maintained a strong, 
constant Pacific Northwest presence ever since. As the only engineering firm of our 
type and size to be 100 percent employee-owned and consistently listed as a best 
place to work in the United States (2003, 2006, 2008, 2009, 2011, and 2013), 
CH2M HILL employee owners are incentivized to deliver the highest quality services to 
~ WORLD'S MOST , .. 
.-4 ETHICAL 2 COMPANIES" 
WWW.ETHISPHERE.COM 
our clients and develop long-term partnerships. Our exceedingly low employee turnover rate provides 
clients long-term staff stability and continuity. We are also proud to have been recognized by the Ethisphere 
Institute as one of the World's Most Ethical Companies for the sixth year (2009,2010,2011,2012,2013, 
and 2014). This award recognizes CH2M HILL's implementation of best practices in business ethics and 
corporate social responsibility.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[This page intentionally left blank.] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[This page intentionally left blank.] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[This page intentionally left blank.]CITY OF SPOKANE, WASHINGTON • WATER AND WASTEWATER SYSTEM REVENUE BONDS, 2014 (GREEN BONDS)
