OFFICIAL STATEMENT DATED NOVEMBER 19, 2019
NEW ISSUE See “Ratings” herein.
In the opinion of Pierce Atwood LLP, Portland, Maine, Bond Counsel (“Bond Counsel”), and assuming compliance 
with certain tax covenants, under existing statutes, regulations and court decisions, interest on the Series 2019 Bonds (as 
defined below) is excludable from the gross income of the owners thereof for federal income tax purposes pursuant to Section 
103 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”) except for interest on any Series 2019 Bond during any 
period while it is held by a person who is a “substantial user” of the project financed by the Series 2019 Bonds or a “related 
person” within the meaning of Section 147(a) of the Code.  In addition, such interest on the Series 2019 Bonds is not an 
item of tax preference for purposes of calculating the alternative minimum tax under the Code.  Bond Counsel is also of the 
opinion that pursuant to Title 30-A, Section 5413 of the Maine Revised Statutes, as amended, the Series 2019 Bonds, and 
their transfer and the income from the Series 2019 Bonds, including the interest paid on the Series 2019 Bonds and any 
profit made on the sale of the Series 2019 Bonds, is free from taxation within the State of Maine (the “State”) under existing 
statutes, regulations and judicial decisions.  The City will not designate the Series 2019 Bonds as “qualified tax-exempt 
obligations” for purposes of Section 265(b)(3) of the Code. 
$58,450,000
CITY OF PORTLAND, MAINE
General Airport Refunding Revenue Bonds, Series 2019 (Non-AMT)
(Green Bonds)*
Dated: Date of Delivery Due: January 1, as shown on inside cover page
The City of Portland, Maine, General Airport Refunding Revenue Bonds, Series 2019 (Non-AMT) (Green Bonds) (the 
“Series 2019 Bonds”), will be issued in registered form in the denomination of $5,000 or any whole multiple thereof and, when 
issued, will be registered initially in the name of Cede & Co., as nominee for The Depository Trust Company, New York City, 
New York (“DTC”).  DTC will act as securities depository for the Series 2019 Bonds.  Purchases of the Series 2019 Bonds will 
be made initially in book-entry form (without certificates) on the records of DTC and its participants.  So long as DTC or its 
nominee is the registered owner of the Series 2019 Bonds, payments of the principal of and interest on the Series 2019 Bonds 
will be made to DTC or its nominee on behalf of the City of Portland, Maine (the “City”) by The Bank of New York Mellon Trust 
Company, N.A., as Trustee.  Disbursement of such payments to the DTC Participants (as defined herein) is the responsibility 
of DTC, and disbursement of such payments to the Beneficial Owners (as defined herein) is the responsibility of the DTC 
Participants and the Indirect Participants, as more fully described herein.  See “DESCRIPTION OF THE SERIES 2019 BONDS”. 
Interest on the Series 2019 Bonds will accrue from their initial date of delivery and will be payable on each January 1 and July 1, 
commencing on July 1, 2020, until maturity or redemption prior to maturity.
Proceeds from the sale of the Series 2019 Bonds, along with other available funds, will be used (i) to refund, on a current 
basis, all of the outstanding City of Portland, Maine, General Airport Revenue Bonds, Series 2010, (ii) to fund the Series 2019 
Account of the Debt Service Reserve Fund in the amount of (together with other available funds) the Series 2019 Debt Service 
Reserve Fund Requirement, and (iii) to pay certain expenses incurred in connection with the issuance of the Series 2019 Bonds.
The Series 2019 Bonds are subject to optional redemption prior to maturity, as described herein.  See “DESCRIPTION OF 
THE SERIES 2019 BONDS — Redemption.”
The Series 2019 Bonds are limited obligations of the City, payable solely from Revenues (as defined herein) of 
the City derived from the ownership and operation of the Portland International Jetport (the “Jetport”), subject 
to the prior payment of M&O Expenses (as defined herein), on a parity with the Prior Revenue Bonds (as defined 
herein) and any additional bonds which may hereafter be issued by the City for Jetport purposes pursuant to the 
General Certificate (as defined herein).  The Series 2019 Bonds do not constitute a general obligation debt or 
liability of the City or a pledge of the faith and credit of the City and the City is not obligated to levy or pledge 
any form of taxation whatever therefor or to make any appropriation for payment of the Series 2019 Bonds except 
from Revenues.
Based upon the use of proceeds of the Series 2010 Refunded Bonds (as described herein) that financed environmentally 
beneficial projects thereon, the City has designated the Series 2019 Bonds as “Green Bonds”.  See “DESCRIPTION OF THE 
SERIES 2019 BONDS — Designation as Green Bonds” herein.
This cover page contains certain information for quick reference only.  Investors must read the entire Official Statement 
to obtain information essential to the making of any informed investment decision.
The Series 2019 Bonds are offered when, as, and if issued and received by the underwriter listed below (the “Underwriter”), 
subject to approval of legality of Pierce Atwood LLP, Portland, Maine, Bond Counsel, and certain other conditions.  Certain 
legal matters will be passed on for the Underwriter by its counsel, Preti, Flaherty, Beliveau & Pachios, LLP, Augusta, Maine.  
Moors & Cabot, Inc. serves as Municipal Advisor to the City.  The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. will serve as 
Escrow Agent.  Causey Demgen & Moore P.C.., Denver, Colorado, will serve as Verification Agent.  It is expected that the Series 
2019 Bonds will be available for delivery to DTC in New York City, New York, on or about December 5, 2019.
NOTE: *  See “description of the Series 2019 Bonds - Designated as Green Bonds” herein. i i  
4474669.4 
MATURITY DATES, PRINCIPAL AMOUNTS,  
INTEREST RATES AND PRICES OR YIELDS 
 
 
$58,450,000  
General Airport Refunding Revenue Bonds, Series 2019 (Non-AMT) 
(Green Bonds) 
 
 
Maturity Principal Interest   CUSIP
†
(January 1,) Amount* Rate Price Yield 736564 
2021 $250,000 4.000% 102.886 1.280% DW2 
2022 270,000 4.000 105.459 1.320 DX0 
2023 285,000 4.000 107.947 1.350 DY8 
2024 295,000 4.000 110.089 1.440 DZ5 
2025 1,665,000 3.000 107.046 1.550 EA9 
2026 1,745,000 3.000 107.769 1.650 EB7 
2027 1,825,000 3.000 108.280 1.750 EC5 
2028 1,905,000 5.000 123.602 1.840 ED3 
2029 2,040,000 5.000 125.247 1.950 EE1 
2030 2,165,000 5.000 126.825 2.040 EF8 
2031 3,090,000 5.000 125.891* 2.130 EG6 
2032 3,270,000 5.000 124.965* 2.220 EH4 
2033 3,465,000 5.000 124.251* 2.290 EJ0 
2034 3,665,000 5.000 123.845* 2.330 EK7 
2035 3,880,000 4.000 112.051* 2.630 EL5 
2036 4,065,000 4.000 111.676* 2.670 EM3 
2037 4,255,000 4.000 111.302* 2.710 EN1 
2038 4,450,000 4.000 111.023* 2.740 EP6 
2039 4,635,000 4.000 110.837* 2.760 EQ4 
2040 11,230,000 4.000 110.744* 2.770 ER2 
 
_______________________ 
* Priced at the stated yield to the January 1, 2030 redemption price of 100%. 
 
† Copyright, American Bankers Association.  CUSIP numbers have been assigned by an independent company not affiliated with 
the City and are included solely for the convenience of the hol ders of the Series 2019 Bonds.   The City is not responsible for  the 
selection or uses of the CUSIP numbers and no representation is  made as to their correctness on the Series 2019 Bonds or as 
indicated above.  The CUSIP number for a specific maturity is s ubject to change after the issuance of the Series 2019 Bonds as  a 
result of various subsequent actions including, but not limited to, a refunding in whole or in part of such maturity or as a r esult of 
the procurement of secondary market portfolio insurance or othe r similar enhancement by investors that may be applicable to al l 
or a portion of certain maturities of the Series 2019 Bonds.  iii  
4474669.4 
CITY OF PORTLAND, MAINE 
 
MAYOR 
and Councilor at Large 
Ethan K. Strimling* 
 
CITY COUNCIL 
 
District 1 Belinda S. Ray   District 5 Kimberly Cook 
District 2 Spencer Thibodeau  At Large Jill C. Duson 
District 3 Brian E. Batson*  At Large Pious Ali 
District 4 Justin Costa  At Large Nicholas M. Mavodones, Jr. 
 
CITY ADMINISTRATION 
 
Jon Jennings, City Manager 
Brendan T. O’Connell, Director of Finance 
Katherine L. Jones, City Clerk 
Danielle P. West-Chuhta, Corporation Counsel 
 
PORTLAND INTERNATIONAL JETPORT 
 
Paul H. Bradbury, P.E., Airport Director 
Zachary R. Sundquist, A.A.E, Assistant Airport Director 
Barry L. Brown, CM, Deputy Director of Operations & Maintenance 
Charles Norton, P.E., Deputy Director, Engineering & Facilities 
Katharine Johnston, Deputy Director of Finance & Administration 
 
BOND COUNSEL 
 
Pierce Atwood LLP 
Portland, Maine 
 
MUNICIPAL ADVISOR 
 
Moors & Cabot, Inc. 
Boston, Massachusetts 
 
 
 
 
 
NOTE: * As a result of the November 5, 2019 election, Kathleen M. Snyde r is the Mayor-elect and Tae Y. 
Chong is the Councilor-elect for District 3.  Both are expected to be sworn in on December 2, 2019. iv  
4474669.4 
The Underwriter has provided the following sentence for inclusion in this Official Statement.   
The Underwriter have reviewed the information in this Official Statement in accordance with, and as part of, their responsibilities 
to investors under the federal securities laws as applied to the facts and circumstances of this transaction, but the Underwriter does 
not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of such information. 
No dealer, broker, salesperson or other person has been authori zed by the City, the Municipal Ad visor or the Underwriter to give 
any information or to make any representations other than those  contained in this Official State ment and, if given or made, su ch 
other information or representations must not be relied upon as having been authorized by the City, the Municipal Advisor or t he 
Underwriter.  This Official Statement does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any 
sale of the Series 2019 Bonds by any person in any jurisdiction in which it is unlawful for such person to make such offer, 
solicitation or sale.  The information set forth herein has been provided by the City or obtained by the City from sources which are 
believed by the City to be reliable.  The information and expre ssions of opinion herein are subj ect to change without notice, and 
neither the delivery of this Official Statement nor any sale made hereunder shall, under any circumstances, create any implication 
that there has been no change in the affairs of the City or in any other information contained herein, since the date hereof. 
This Official Statement contains forecasts, projections and estimates that are based on current expectations and information which 
the City believes is reliable.  In light of important factors t hat may materially affect the f inancial condition of the Jetpor t and the 
airline industry generally and other economic and financial mat ters, the inclusion in this Official Statement of such forecast s, 
projections and estimates should not  be regarded as a representation by the City, the Municipal Advisor or the Underwriter tha t 
such forecasts, projections and estimates will occur.  Such forecasts, projections and estimates  are not intended as representations 
of fact or guarantees of result.  So far as any statements in t his Official Statement involve any matters of opinion, whether or not 
expressly so stated, they are intended merely as such and not as representations of fact. 
If and when included in this Official Statement, the words “expects,” “forecasts,” “projects,” “intends,” “anticipates,” “estimates,” 
“believes,” “may,” and analogous expressions are intended to id entify forward-looking statements, and any such statements 
inherently are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those that have 
been projected.  Such risks and uncertainties include, among others, general economic and business conditions, changes in political, 
social and economic conditions, regulatory initiatives and comp liance with governmental regulations, litigation, force majeure 
events, and various other events, conditions and circumstances, many of which are beyond the control of the City.  Because of the 
inability to predict all factors that may affect future decisions, actions, events or financial circumstances, what actually h appens 
may be different from what is set forth in such forward-looking statements.  As such, these forward-looking statements speak only 
as of the date of this Official Statement.  The information, es timates, assumptions, and expre ssions of opinion in this Offici al 
Statement are subject to change without notice.  Neither the delivery of this Official Statement nor any sale made pursuant to this 
Official Statement shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Jetport 
or the City since the date of this Official Statement, except a s expressly stated.  The City di sclaims any obligation or undertaking 
to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement contained herein to reflect any change in the Ci ty’s 
expectations with regard thereto or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based. 
IN CONNECTION WITH THE OFFERING OF  THE SERIES 2019 BONDS, THE U NDERWRITER MAY OVERALLOT OR 
EFFECT TRANSACTIONS WHICH STABILIZE OR MAINTAIN THE MARKET PRICE OF SUCH SERIES 2019 BONDS 
AT LEVELS ABOVE THOSE WHICH MIGHT OTHERWISE PREVAIL IN THE OPEN MARKET.  SUCH STABILIZING, IF 
COMMENCED, MAY BE DISCONTINUED AT ANY TIME. 
IN MAKING AN INVESTMENT DECISION, INVESTORS MUST RELY ON THEIR OWN EXAMINATION OF THE ISSUER 
AND THE TERMS OF THE OFFERING, INCLUDING THE MERITS AND RISKS INVOLVED. THESE SECURITIES HAVE 
NOT BEEN RECOMMENDED BY ANY FEDERAL OR STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION OR REGULATORY 
AUTHORITY.  FURTHERMORE, THE FO REGOING AUTHORITIES HAVE NOT CON FIRMED THE ACCURACY OR 
DETERMINED THE ADEQUACY OF THIS DOCUMENT. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY MAY BE A 
CRIMINAL OFFENSE. 
The CUSIP numbers set forth in this Official Statement have been assigned by an independent company not affiliated with the City 
and are included solely for the convenience of the holders of the Series 2019 Bonds.  Neither th e City nor the Underwriter makes 
any representation with respect to the accuracy of such CUSIP n umbers set forth in this Official Statement or undertakes any 
responsibility for the selection of the CUSIP numbers or their accuracy now or at any time in the future.  The City is not responsible 
for the selection or uses of the CUSIP numbers and no represent ation is made as to their correctness on the Series 2019 Bonds or 
as set forth in this Official Statement.  The CUSIP number for a specific maturity of the Seri es 2019 Bonds is subject to chan ge 
after the issuance of the Series 2019 Bonds and as a result of various subsequent actions including, but not limited to, a refunding 
in whole or in part of such maturity or as a result of the proc urement of secondary market portf olio insurance or other simila r 
enhancement by investors that may be applicable to all or a portion of certain maturities of the Series 2019 Bonds. 
   v   
Table of Contents 
 
Introduction 1 
Purpose of Financing 2 
Plan of Refunding  2 
Description of the Series 2019 Bonds  3 
Security for the Series 2019 Bonds  5 
Outstanding Obligations and Other Jetport Related Debt 11 
Debt Service Requirements 12 
Estimated Sources and Uses of Funds  12 
The City  13 
The Jetport’s Air Trade Area 17 
The Jetport  17 
Capital Improvement Program  19 
Aviation Activity at the Jetport 19 
Airline and Other Revenue Producing Agreements  20 
Management and Administration of the Jetport  23 
Results of Financial Operations  25 
Management’s Discussion of Financial Information  26 
Passenger Facility Charges  27 
Federal Grants-in-Aid  29 
Factors Affecting Jetport Operations and Revenues  30 
Litigation and Proceedings  36 
Tax Matters 36 
DTC Book-Entry-Only-System  39 
Continuing Disclosure  41 
Ratings  42 
Financial Statements  42 
Municipal Advisor  42 
Underwriting  42 
Verification of Mathematical Computations 43 
Legal Matters  43 
CUSIP Identification Numbers  43 
Statutory References  44 
Miscellaneous  44 
  
Appendix A - Audited Financial Statements of the Jetport 
Appendix B - Form of Opinion of Bond Counsel 
Appendix C - Summary of Certain Provisions of the Certificate 
Appendix D - Form of Continuing Disclosure Agreement 
   v i  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[This Page Left Intentionally Blank]
 1 
 
$58,450,000 
CITY OF PORTLAND, MAINE 
General Airport Refunding Revenue Bonds, Series 2019 (Non-AMT)  
(Green Bonds) 
INTRODUCTION 
This Official Statement, which includes the cover page hereof a nd the appendices attached hereto, is 
furnished by the City of Portland, Maine (the “City”) to provid e information regarding the $58,450,000 
aggregate principal amount of the City of Portland, Maine Gener al Airport Refunding Revenue Bonds, 
Series 2019 (Non-AMT) (Green Bonds) (the “Series 2019 Bonds” or  the “Bonds”).  Certain capitalized 
terms used in this Official Statement are defined and have the meanings set forth in Appendix C hereto. 
The Series 2019 Bonds will be issued pursuant to the City’s Charter, the Maine Revised Statutes, Title 30-
A, Chapter 213, as amended (the “Act”), Order 55-19/20 adopted on October 21, 2019 by the City Council 
(the “City Council”) of the City and a General Certificate of Terms of Issuance of General Airport Revenue 
Bonds delivered on behalf of the City as of July 1, 2003 (the “ General Certificate”) as supplemented by a 
Sixth Supplemental Certificate authorizing the Series 2019 Bonds and delivered on behalf of the City as of 
December 5, 2019 (the “Supplemental Certificate” and, together with the General Certificate, the 
“Certificate”).  The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A ., with an office in Pittsburgh, 
Pennsylvania (as successor to J.P. Morgan Trust Company, National Association, the “Trustee”), serves as 
Trustee pursuant to the Certificate. 
The City has previously issued five series of General Airport Revenue Bonds under the General Certificate, 
three of which remain outstanding.  As of the date hereof, $108,995,000 of the City’s General Airport 
Revenue Bonds are issued and outst anding under the General Cert ificate (the “Prior Revenue Bonds”).  
Except for the Prior Revenue Bonds, there are no bonds or other  evidences of indebtedness of the City 
outstanding with respect to the Jetport.  See “OUTSTANDING OBLIGATIONS AND OTHER JETPORT 
RELATED DEBT.” 
The Act, the City’s Charter and the General Certificate (as sup plemented) do not limit the aggregate 
principal amount of Bonds that may be outstanding at any time. 
The Series 2019 Bonds are limited obligations of the City, payable solely from Revenues (as defined herein, 
see “SECURITY FOR THE SERIES 2019 BONDS – Net Revenue Pledge”) of the City derived from the 
ownership and operation of the P ortland International Jetport (the “Jetport”), subject to the prior payment 
of M&O Expenses, on a parity with the Prior Revenue Bonds (defi ned above) and any additional bonds 
(together with the Series 2019 Bonds, “Bonds”), which may herea fter be issued by the City for Jetport 
purposes pursuant to the General Certificate.  The Series 2019 Bonds do not constitute a general obligation 
debt or liability of the City or a pledge of the fait h and credit of the City and the City is not obligated to 
levy or pledge any form of taxation whatever therefor or to make any appropriation for payment of the 
Series 2019 Bonds except from Revenues.  See “SECURITY FOR THE SERIES 2019 BONDS.” 
Brief descriptions of, among othe r things, the Series 2019 Bond s, the City and the Jetport are included in 
this Official Statement.  The proposed form of opinion of Bond Counsel is included in Appendix B hereto.  
The information and descriptions in this Official Statement do not purport to be complete, comprehensive 
or definitive.  Any capitalized term used but not defined in th is Official Statement shall have the meaning 
ascribed to such term in the Certificate.  Statements regarding  the Act and specific documents, including 
the Series 2019 Bonds and the Certificate are summaries of, and  subject to, the detailed provisions of the 
Act and such documents and are qualified in their entirety by r eference to each such document, copies of 
which will be on file with the Director of Finance, City of Por tland, 389 Congress Street, Portland, Maine 
04101. 
 2 
 
PURPOSE OF FINANCING 
The City issued its $72,310,000 Series 2010 (Non-AMT) General A irport Revenue Bonds on April 28, 
2010 (the “Series 2010 Bonds”).  Proceeds from the sale of the Series 2019 Bonds, along with other 
available funds, will be used (i) to refund, on a current basis, all Series 2010 Bonds due on and after January 
1, 2021 (the “Refunded Bonds” or “Series 2010 Refunded Bonds”), (ii) to fund the Series 2019 Account of 
the Debt Service Reserve Fund in the amount of (together with other available funds) the Series 2019 Debt 
Service Reserve Fund Requirement, and (iii) to pay certain expe nses incurred in connection with the 
issuance of the Series 2019 Bonds.  The Series 2010 Bonds were issued to provide a portion of the funds 
to finance the design, construction and equipping of an expansi on and renovation of the Jetport terminal, 
together with certain other improvements to and equipping of ot her Jetport facilities related or ancillary 
thereto (the “Terminal Project”). 
PLAN OF REFUNDING 
A portion of the proceeds of the Series 2019 Bonds will be appl ied, on January 2, 2020 (the “Redemption 
Date”) to refund and redeem the  Series 2010 Refunded Bonds in t he aggregate principal amount of 
$67,650,000 as listed below at a redemption price of 100%. 
Maturity Date 
(January 1,) 
Interest 
Rate 
Amount to be 
Refunded 
 
CUSIP  
Serial Bonds 
2021 5.00% $1,630,000 736564BQ7 
2022 5.00 1,730,000 736564BR5 
2023 5.00 1,845,000 736564BS3 
2024 5.00 1,960,000 736564BT1 
2025 5.00 2,085,000 736564BU8 
2026 5.00 2,220,000 736564BV6 
2027 5.00 2,360,000 736564BW4 
2028 5.00 2,505,000 736564BX2 
2029 5.00 2,665,000 736564BY0 
2030 5.00 2,825,000 736564BZ7 
Term Bonds 
2035 5.25% $16,930,000 736564CA1 
2040 5.00% 28,895,000 736564CB9 
Total  $67,650,000  
The refunding of the Refunded Bonds will achieve debt service savings for the City.  Upon delivery of the 
Series 2019 Bonds, the City will enter into a Refunding Escrow Agreement with The Bank of New York 
Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Escrow Agent (the “Escrow Agent” ), to provide for the refunding of the 
Series 2010 Refunded Bonds.  A portion of the proceeds of the Series 2019 Bonds will be deposited by the 
Escrow Agent into an irrevocable trust account created pursuant  to the Escrow Agreement (the “Escrow 
Fund”).  
The moneys so deposited in the Escrow Fund will be used to acquire direct general obligations of the United 
States of America to be held by the Escrow Agent in trust (the “Defeasance Obligations”), maturing in 
amounts and bearing interest at rates sufficient, without reinv estment, to pay, when due, interest on the 
Series 2010 Refunded Bonds to the Redemption Date, and the outs tanding principal of and redemption 
premium (if any) on the Series 2010 Refunded Bonds on the Redemption Date.  The Escrow Fund, including 
the interest earnings on the Defeasance Obligations, is pledged solely for the benefit of holders of the Series 
2010 Refunded Bonds and is not available to pay the Series 2019 Bonds.   3 
 
The accuracy of the arithmetical computations of the adequacy of the amounts of maturing principal of and 
interest on the Defeasance Obligations to pay when due the principal of and interest on the Refunded Bonds 
will be verified by Causey Demgen & Moore  P.C., certified public accountants and consultants verifying 
that the principal installments of and/or the interest on the D efeasance Obligations deposited with the 
Escrow Agent, when due, without reinvestment, will provide mone ys which, together with other moneys, 
if any, deposited with the Escrow Agent at the same time, will be sufficient, to pay when due the Principal 
Installments or Redemption Price, if applicable, and interest d ue and to become due on the Series 2010 
Refunded Bonds on or prior to the redemption date or maturity d ate thereof, as the case may be.  See 
“VERIFICATION OF MATHEMATICAL COMPUTATIONS”. 
In the opinion of Bond Counsel, and in reliance upon such verification of mathematical computations, upon 
the execution and delivery of the Escrow Agreement by the City and the Escrow Agent, and the delivery of 
certain instructions by the City to the Escrow Agent, the deposit of the Defeasance Obligations with the 
Escrow Agent pursuant to the Escrow Agreement, and in reliance on the foregoing Consultant Certificate 
of the Municipal Advisor or, pursuant to Section 1201(b) of the  General Certificate, the Series 2010 
Refunded Bonds will, under the terms of the General Certificate, be deemed to have been paid, and the 
covenants, agreements and other obligations of the City to the holders of the Series 2010 Refunded Bonds 
under the General Certificate will be discharged and satisfied. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE SERIES 2019 BONDS 
General 
The Series 2019 Bonds will be issued in registered form in the denomination of $5,000 or any whole 
multiple thereof and, when issued, will be registered initially  in the name of Cede & Co., as nominee for 
The Depository Trust Company, New York City, New York (“DTC”).  DTC will act as securities depository 
for the Series 2019 Bonds.  Pur chases of the Series 2019 Bonds will be made initially in book-entry form 
(without certificates) on the records of DTC and its participan ts. So long as DTC or its nominee is the 
registered owner of the Series 2019 Bonds, payments of the principal of and interest on the Series 2019 
Bonds will be made to DTC or its nominee on behalf of the City by the “Trustee.  Disbursement of such 
payments to the DTC Participants is the responsibility of DTC, and disbursement of such payments to the 
Beneficial Owners (as defined in Appendix F hereto) is the resp onsibility of the DTC Participants and the 
Indirect Participants.  See “DTC BOOK-ENTRY-ONLY SYSTEM”.  Inte rest on the Series 2019 Bonds 
will accrue from their initial date of delivery (on the basis o f a 360 day year with twelve 30-day months) 
and will be payable on each January 1 and July 1, commencing on July 1, 2020, until maturity or redemption 
prior to maturity. 
Designation as “Green Bonds” 
The City has determined that the Series 2019 Bonds will refund,  on a current basis, all Series 2010 Bonds 
due on and after January 1, 2021.  The Series 2010 Bonds were used to provide a portion of the funds to 
finance the design, construction and equipping of an expansion and renovation of the Jetport terminal, 
together with certain other improvements to and equipping of ot her Jetport facilities related or ancillary 
thereto.  The Terminal Project renovation and expansion achieved U.S. Green Building Council Leadership 
in Energy and Environmental D esign (“LEED”) Gold Certification which is an eligible green project 
category listed by the International Capital Market Association .  Based upon this certification by the U.S. 
Green Building Council the City Council has designated the Series 2019 Bonds as “Green Bonds”. 
 
The purpose of labeling the Series 2019 Bonds as Green Bonds is to allow purchasers of the Series 2019 
Bonds to invest directly in bonds that finance such environment ally beneficial purposes.  The holders of 
the Series 2019 do not assume any specific project risk or economic benefit related to any of the funded 
projects as a result of the Green Bonds designation. 4 
 
On November 6, 2019, S&P Global Ratings (“S&P”) assigned its Gr een Evaluation score of E2/66 (the 
“Green Evaluation Score”) to the Series 2019 Bonds, which Green  Evaluation Score is an asset-level 
environmental credential based on the use of proceeds and gover nance and transparency associated with 
the Series 2019 Bonds and not a credit rating.  E1 is the strongest Green Evaluation Score on a scale of E1 
(the highest) to E4 (the lowest) and reflects a point-in-time assessment by S&P reflecting the information 
available to S&P at the time the Green Evaluation Score was assigned and published.  The Green Evaluation 
Score is based solely on S&P’s evaluation criteria described in its Green Evaluation Report (the “Green 
Evaluation Report”), and does not and is not intended to, make any representation or give any assurance 
with respect to any other matter relating to the Series 2019 Bo nds.  S&P’s assignment of the Green 
Evaluation Score to the Series 2019 Bonds is not a recommendati on to purchase, hold or sell the Series 
2019 Bonds, and such evaluation does not address the market price or suitability of the 2019 Bonds to a 
particular investor. 
 
The City undertakes no responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of the information in the Green 
Evaluation Report or the Green Evaluation Score or to report ch anges to or withdrawals thereof.  There is 
no assurance that the Green Evaluation Score will remain unchanged for any given period of time or that it 
will not be revised or withdrawn entirely by S&P.  Furthermore,  the City has not agreed to provide any 
future information relating to the Series 2019 Bonds’ status as  Green Bonds, including information that 
would reasonably expected to materially adversely affect the Gr een Evaluation Score or the matters 
described in the Green Evaluation Report. 
 
The Green Evaluation Score reflects only the views of S&P and an explanation of the significance of such 
score may only be obtained from S&P. 
 
Redemption 
Optional Redemption 
The Series 2019 Bonds maturing on or before January 1, 2030 are not subject to optional redemption prior 
to maturity.  The Series 2019 Bonds maturing on and after January 1, 2031  are subject to redemption from 
any source, at the option of the City, in whole or in part, at any time on or after January 1, 2030, upon notice 
as provided in the Certificate, at the redemption price of one hundred percent (100%) of the principal 
amount thereof, plus accrued interest, if any, to the date of redemption. 
Notice of Redemption 
General 
The Trustee is required to give notice of any redemption of the Series 2019 Bonds at the election of or 
direction by the City, which notice shall specify the Series and numbers of the bond certificates, or portions 
thereof to be redeemed, the redemption price to be paid, the date of general mailing of notices to holders of 
the Series 2019 Bonds and the Municipal Securities Rulemaking B oard, the date fixed for redemption, the 
name and address of the place or places where the amounts due upon such redemption are payable, including 
the name of the redemption agent together with a contact person  and telephone number, the issue date, 
interest rate and maturity date of the Series 2019 Bonds to be redeemed.  Such notice shall further state that 
on such date there shall become due and payable upon each Serie s 2019 Bond to be redeemed, the 
Redemption Price thereof, or the Redemption Price of the specif ied portions of the principal thereof in the 
case of Series 2019 Bonds to be redeemed in part only, together  with interest accrued to the redemption 
date, and that from and after such date interest thereon shall cease to accrue and be payable.  The failure to 
give any notice by mailing to any holder of a Series 2019 Bond, or any defect in such notice, shall not affect 
the validity of any proceedings for the redemption of any of the other Series 2019 Bonds.   5 
 
So long as the Series 2019 Bonds are registered in the name of Cede & Co. as the registered owner of the 
Series 2019 Bonds and less than all of the Series 2019 Bonds of  any maturity are to be redeemed, DTC’s 
current practice is to determine by lot the amount of the inter est of each DTC Participant in such maturity 
to be called for redemption, and each DTC Participant is then to select by lot the ownership interest in such 
maturity to be redeemed.  See “DTC BOOK-ENTRY-ONLY SYSTEM”.   Notice of such redemption shall 
be mailed by the Trustee, postage prepaid, not less than thirty (30) days, and not more than sixty (60) days 
before the Redemption Date, to Cede & Co. as the registered owner of any such Series 2019 Bond or portion 
thereof to be redeemed.  DTC is responsible for notifying Partic ipants, and Participants and Indirect 
Participants are responsible for notifying Beneficial Owners.  Neither the Trustee nor the City is 
responsible for sending notices to Beneficial Owners or for the consequences of any action or inaction by 
the City as a result of the response or failure to respond by DTC or its nominee as Owner of the Series 
2019 Bonds.  (See “DTC BOOK-ENTRY-ONLY SYSTEM” for the definition of “Participants,” “Indirect 
Participants,” and “Beneficial Owners”) 
Notice of Optional Redemption to be Conditional 
Each notice of optional redemption shall state that the redemption is conditional upon receipt by the Trustee 
or escrow agent named by the City of sufficient moneys, including interest earnings thereon to redeem the 
Series 2019 Bonds, or portions thereof to be redeemed, and sati sfaction of such other conditions set forth 
therein, and such notice and optional redemption shall be of no  effect if by no later than the scheduled 
redemption date, (i) the conditions set forth therein have not been satisfied, or (ii) the City or the Trustee, 
at the written direction of the City, rescinds such notice on or prior to the scheduled redemption date.   
Rescission and Cancelation of Optional Redemption 
Any scheduled optional redemption shall be deemed canceled once  the City or the Trustee, at the written 
direction of the City, has given notice of rescission.  The City or the Trustee, at the written direction of the 
City, shall give notice of rescission of optional redemption by the same means as is provided for the giving 
of notice of redemption.  Any Series 2019 Bonds subject to a conditional redemption that has been canceled 
shall remain Outstanding, and neither the City’s rescission of the conditional redemption nor its failure to 
make funds available to effect such proposed redemption in part or in whole on or before the proposed 
redemption date shall constitute an Event of Default. 
SECURITY FOR THE SERIES 2019 BONDS 
General 
The Series 2019 Bonds are limited obligations of the City, paya ble solely from Revenues (defined below) 
of the City derived from the ownership and operation of the Jet port, subject to the prior payment of M&O 
Expenses, on a parity with the Prior Revenue Bonds and any additional bonds which may hereafter be 
issued by the City for Jetport purposes pursuant to the General Certificate.  The Series 2019 Bonds do not 
constitute a general obligation debt or liability of the City or a pledge of the faith and credit of the City and 
the City is not obligated to levy or pledge any form of taxation whatever therefor or to make any 
appropriation for payment of the Series 2019 Bonds except from Revenues. 
Net Revenue Pledge 
Subsection 5403(5) of the Act provides a general grant of authority to the City to pledge Revenues derived 
from the Jetport to the payment of Bonds.  In the Certificate, the City pledges as security for Bonds (i) the 
Revenues and (ii) all moneys or securities held in any Fund, Ac count or Subaccount established under the 
Certificate (except the Revenue Fund, the Operating Fund, the Rebate Fund, the Subordinated Debt Service 
Fund, if any and the Subordinated Debt Service Reserve Fund, if any) together with all investment earnings 6 
 
thereon (except to the extent such earnings are required to be deposited into the Rebate Fund). This pledge 
is subject to the provisions of the Certificate regarding the a pplication of Revenues and other moneys 
pledged as security for Bonds. 
The term “Revenues” is defined in the Certificate to include th e following: all receipts, revenues, fees, 
rentals, investment earnings, income and other moneys received by or on behalf of the City from or in 
connection with the ownership or operation of all or any part of the Jetport, whether existing at the date of 
execution of the Certificate or thereafter coming into existenc e and whether held by the City on such date 
or thereafter acquired, including without limitation, all tolls  and charges, landing fees, terminal rents, real 
property rentals, concession fees, parking receipts, interest i ncome, proceeds of business interruption 
insurance and condemnation awar ds from temporary takings, but n ot including (i) proceeds of insurance 
(except business interruption insurance, if any) and of condemnation awards (except awards for temporary 
takings), (ii) proceeds of the sale of any Indebtedness, (iii) Grant Receipts or PFC Revenues, (iv) proceeds 
of the sale of any portion of the Jetport permitted under the C ertificate, (v) moneys derived from facilities 
hereafter financed with the proceeds of Indebtedness permitted under the Certificate to finance a facility 
for a particular person to the extent that such moneys are pledged to the payment of such Indebtedness 
under a separate resolution, indenture or other agreement of th e City, (vi) interest income or other 
investment earnings on the Project Fund, (vii) any Swap Termination Payment to the City or (viii) any other 
amounts which are not deemed to be revenues in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
or that are restricted as to their use. 
Flow of Funds 
The Certificate provides that the City shall promptly cause all  Revenues received to be deposited in the 
Revenue Fund established under the General Certificate. 
The Certificate further provides that (i), during any month, th e City shall, from time to time, transfer from 
the Revenue Fund to the Operating Fund an amount or amounts nec essary and sufficient to pay M&O 
Expenses (defined below) for that month which amount or amounts  shall not in the aggregate exceed the 
M&O Expenses for that month as shown on the Operating Budget filed with the Trustee pursuant to the 
Certificate and (ii), on the last Business Day of each month, t he City shall, after making certain transfers 
which may be required pursuant to the Certificate from availabl e amounts in the Revenue Fund, make the 
following transfers in the following order: 
First, to the Debt Service Fund, the amounts necessary on a pro rata basis (i) to make up any deficiency in 
any Subaccount resulting from an increase in the applicable interest rate on any Variable Rate Bonds over 
the rate assumed in calculating the amount required for a prior  deposit pursuant to the General Certificate, 
(ii) to increase the amount on deposit in each Subaccount of the Interest Account to equal interest included 
in Debt Service next coming due on Outstanding Bonds of the applicable Series accrued and unpaid and to 
accrue to and including the last day of the next succeeding mon th after taking into account any available 
moneys in the corresponding Subaccount (if any) of the Capitali zed Interest Account, (iii) to increase the 
amount on deposit in each Subaccount of the Principal Account t o equal that portion of the Principal 
Installment included in Debt Service next coming due (within twelve months) on Outstanding Bonds of the 
applicable Series accrued and unpaid and to accrue to and inclu ding the last day of the next succeeding 
month and (iv) to increase the amount on deposit in each Subacc ount of the Redemption Account to equal 
the Redemption Price of Outstanding Bonds of the applicable Series then called for redemption (other than 
Sinking Fund Installments) as of any date on or prior to the last day of the next succeeding month; 
Second, to the Debt Service Reserve Fund, (i) one-twelfth of the amou nt necessary to increase the amount 
on deposit in the applicable Series Account therein, determined as of the first day of the current fiscal year, 
to an amount equal to the Series Debt Service Reserve Fund Requirement and (ii) an amount equal to the 
deposit required by any Supplemental Certificate to any Special Account; 7 
 
Third, to the Subordinated Debt Servi ce Fund (if any is established upon issuance of any Subordinated 
Bond), the amounts required to be deposited therein pursuant to  the terms of the financing documents 
executed and delivered with respect to such Subordinated Bonds; 
Fourth, to the Subordinated Debt Service 
Reserve Fund (if any is established upon 
issuance of any Subordinated Bond), such 
amounts as may be required to be deposited 
therein pursuant to the terms of the financing 
documents executed and delivered with 
respect to such Subordinated Bonds; 
Fifth, to the M&O Reserve Fund, the amount 
necessary to make the amount on deposit 
therein equal to M&O Expenses for the three 
consecutive months following the next 
succeeding month, as shown in the Operating 
Budget of the City on file with the Trustee; 
Sixth, to the Renewal and Replacement 
Reserve Fund, one-twelfth of the difference, 
if any, between the amount on deposit in 
such Fund on the first day of the current 
fiscal year and the Renewal and 
Replacement Reserve Fund Requirement for 
the current fiscal year; 
Seventh, to the Rebate Fund, the amount 
necessary to make the amount on deposit 
therein equal to the Rebate Fund 
Requirement, if any, determined in 
accordance with the applicable 
Supplemental Certificate; and 
Eighth,  a t  t h e  e l e c t i o n  o f  t h e  C i t y ,  a f t e r  
making the deposits set forth above, the 
amount remaining or any portion thereof, to 
the General Fund.  Revenues must be 
deposited in each Fund and Account, in the 
order set forth above, up to the amount 
required under the Certificate before 
Revenues are deposited in the next 
succeeding Fund and Account, in the order  
 
set forth above.  After making the deposits described above in paragraphs First through Seventh, the City 
may retain all or any portion of the remaining moneys in the Re venue Fund to provide additional moneys 
for making the deposits described above during the next month or thereafter. 
The term “M&O Expenses” is defined in the Certificate to mean t he City’s expenses, whether or not 
annually recurring, of maintaining, repairing and operating the Jetport including, without limiting the 
generality of the foregoing, amount s for administrative expenses including costs of salaries and benefits 
and amounts required to finance pension benefits earned by empl oyees; cost of insurance; payments for 
engineering, financial, accounting, legal and other services; a ny lawfully imposed taxes or other 
Any lawful purpose
Flow of Funds
PFC Revenues
Revenue  Fund
Restore any amount n ecessary to sati sfy any Series DSR F 
Requirement
Any amount required pursuant to Subordinated Bonds 
docum ents, if any
Any amount required pursuant to Subordinated Bonds 
docum ents, if any
Am ount necessary to make am ount on deposit equal to 
Rebate Fund Requirem ent, if any
Rebate  Fund
Ge ne ral Fund
One-twelfth of difference, if any, between am ount on 
deposit on first day of current fiscal year and Renewal and 
Replacement Reserve Fund Requirem ent for current fiscal 
year 
M&O Reserve Fund
Renewal & Replacement Reserve Fund
Set aside amount sufficient to pay the budgeted M&O 
Ex penses for the three m onths following the nex t 
succeeding month
Subordinate d Debt Se rvice  Fund
Operating Fund
Subordinated De bt Service Re serve Fund
Pay M&O E x penses
Debt Se rvice  Fund
Pay Principal and Interest on Bonds
Debt Ser vice Reser ve Fund
Deposited into the 
Series 2019 Principal 
and Interest 
Subaccounts for direct 
payment of debt 
service on the Series 
2019 Bonds8 
 
assessments on the Jetport or income from or operations at the Jetport and reserves for such taxes or 
assessments, any payments in lieu of taxes for the Jetport or i ncome from or operations at the Jetport and 
reserves for such in lieu of taxes; any administration or servi ce fees; costs of issuance not financed in the 
C o s t s  o f  a  P r o j e c t  p a i d  b y  t h e  C i t y ;  a n d  p a y m e n t s  o f  i n t e r e s t  on (but not the principal of) revenue 
anticipation notes and other current expenses; but not includin g any allowance for amortization or 
depreciation; any other expense for which (or to the extent to which) the City is or will be paid or reimbursed 
from or through any source that is not included or includable as Revenues; any extraordinary items arising 
from the early extinguishment of debt; depreciation, recognitio n upon disposal or other retirement of a 
capital asset, reserves for unusual and extraordinary maintenance or repair, Debt Service payable from any 
Fund or Account established here under, and expenses described i n Section 709(c)(i) thereof.  See 
“Summary of Certain Provisions of the Certificate – Flow of Fun ds from the Revenue Fund” in Appendix 
C hereto for a more detailed explanation of the flow of funds.  The chart to the right diagrams the flow of 
funds. 
Covenants Pertaining to Rates and Charges 
Subsections 5405(1) and (4) of the Act and Chapter 18, Article IV, Sections 18-81 through 18-83 of the 
City Code of Ordinances authorize the City to establish and fix  a schedule of rates, fees and other charges 
which, together with other available funds, will be sufficient to pay the cost of maintaining, repairing and 
operating the Jetport and to pay debt service on Bonds.  Under the Certificate, the City is required to meet 
the following covenants with resp ect to Rates and Charges (defi ned below) (collectively, the “Rate 
Requirements”). 
Pursuant to the Certificate, the City covenants that for each f iscal year Net Revenues (defined below) will 
equal or exceed the sum of Required Debt Service Fund Deposits (defined below) plus deposits required to 
be made from Revenues described in paragraphs Second through Seventh of the description of the flow of 
funds set forth above (excluding interest or other earnings on the Project Fund and amounts paid from other 
funds of the City that are not Revenues and are not transferred  from other Funds or Accounts established 
under the Certificate) (the “Rate Covenant”).  In addition, the City covenants under the Certificate that Net 
Revenues available in each fiscal year shall equal or exceed 125% of Required Debt Service Fund Deposits 
(the “Debt Service Coverage Ratio”). 
For the purpose of the Certificate, the term “Net Revenues” mea ns, for any period, an amount equal to all 
Revenues accrued in such period in accordance with generally ac cepted accounting principles minus the 
M&O Expenses incurred or payable during such period in accordan ce with generally accepted accounting 
principles. For the purpose of the Certificate, the term “Requi red Debt Service Fund Deposits” means, for 
any period, all deposits required to be made to the Principal and Interest Accounts of the Debt Service Fund 
for such period under any provision of the Certificate, excluding, however, amounts transferred or expected 
to be transferred from the Capitalized Interest Account, from i nterest or other investment earnings on the 
Project Fund or from amounts paid from other funds of the City that are not Revenues and are not transferred 
from other Funds or Accounts established under the Certificate. For special rules on the calculation of 
Required Debt Service Fund Deposits in respect of Bonds subject to a Qualified Swap or on which interest 
is deferred and compounded rather  than being paid currently, se e “Summary of Certain Provisions of the 
Certificate – Definitions” in Appendix C. 
A substantial portion of the cost of the Terminal Project financed with the Series 2010 Bonds is, and 
remains, eligible to be paid from PFC Revenues.  For purposes of the Certificate, the term “PFC Revenues” 
means any passenger facility charges (“PFCs”) or similar charges levied by or on behalf of the City pursuant 
to the Federal Aviation Safety and Capacity Expansion Act of 1990, as from time to time amended, and 
any successor thereto, and all investment earnings thereon.  Pursuant to the Supplemental Certificate for 
the Series 2019 Bonds, while the Series 2019 Bonds remain outstanding, the City will continue to monthly 9 
 
deposit PFC Revenues into the Series 2019 Subaccounts of the Principal Account and the Interest Account 
established in the Debt Service Fund to pay debt service on the  Series 2019 Bonds.  Thus, in determining 
compliance with the Rate Covenant and the Debt Service Coverage Ratio, and for purposes of applying the 
Additional Bonds test established in the General Certificate, the Required Debt Service Fund Deposits are 
reduced by the amount of PFC Revenues deposited or expected to be so deposited in such Series 2019 
Subaccounts.  See “SECURITY FOR THE SERIES 2019 BONDS – Additional Bonds.” 
If in any fiscal year the City shall not satisfy the Rate Requi rements, then the City shall not be deemed to 
be in default under the Certificate so long as it shall, within 180 days after the close of the fiscal year, (i) 
specify to the Trustee the corrective steps which it has taken to assure compliance with the Rate 
Requirements for the then current fiscal year; (ii) retain an A irport Consultant to review the adequacy of 
the City’s rates, fees, rentals a nd other charges with respect to the Jetport and to recommend changes 
necessary for the City to be in compliance with the Rate Requirements by the end of the then current fiscal 
year and for the following fiscal year and (iii) to the extent permitted by law and existing contractual 
obligations, use its best efforts to effect such changes as are  so recommended by the Airport Consultant; 
provided, however, that (a) if the City shall not satisfy the Rate Requirements described above for the first 
full fiscal year following its failure to satisfy such Rate Requirements or (b) if Net Revenues for such fiscal 
year shall not equal or exceed 100% of the Required Debt Service Fund Deposits, then notwithstanding the 
foregoing such failure shall constitute a default under the Certificate.  See “Summary of Certain Provisions 
of the Certificate– Covenant as to Rates and Charges; Debt Service Coverage Ratio” in Appendix C. 
Debt Service Reserve Fund 
The Certificate establishes a Debt Service Reserve Fund and req uires, as a condition to the issuance of a 
Series of Bonds, that the Debt Se rvice Reserve Fund be funded i n the amount, if any, required to be on 
deposit in the Series Account of the Debt Service Reserve Fund specified in the Supplemental Certificate 
governing the issuance of such Series of Bonds. In lieu of depo siting cash to the Debt Service Reserve 
Fund, the City may fund all or a portion of the amount required to be deposited into the Debt Service 
Reserve Fund upon issuance of a Series of Bonds with a Financial Guaranty.  Moneys in a Series Account 
of the Debt Service Reserve Fund are available for equally and ratably the payment of principal and 
redemption price of and interest on Bonds of the Series to whic h such Series Account relates, but not 
Subordinated Bonds and not the Prior General Obligation Bonds.  See “Summary of Certain Provisions of 
the Certificate – Debt Service Reserve Fund” in Appendix C. In the event that moneys are withdrawn from 
the Debt Service Reserve Fund, such withdrawal shall be repleni shed as nearly as practicable in twelve 
equal monthly installments commencing in the fiscal year follow ing such withdrawal. See “Summary of 
Certain Provisions of the Certificate – Flow of Funds from the Revenue Fund” in Appendix C.  Upon 
issuance of the Series 2019 Bonds, the City will deposit $5,839,600.00 into the Series 2019 Account of the 
Debt Service Reserve Fund, an amount equal to the final Debt Se rvice payment on the Series 2019 Bonds 
calculated net of the release of the amount deposited in the Series 2019 Account of the Debt Service Reserve 
Fund upon the final maturity of the Series 2019 Bonds. 
 
Other Reserves 
The Certificate also establishes an M&O Reserve Fund and a Renewal and Replacement Reserve Fund. 
The annual requirement for each such reserve is funded in month ly installments. Under certain 
circumstances, moneys on deposit in the Renewal and Replacement Reserve Fund are available to pay debt 
service on Bonds. Additionally, other reserves and funds establ ished under the Certificate are generally 
available, with certain exceptions, to pay debt service on Bonds in the event Revenues are insufficient.  See 
“Summary of Certain Provisions of the Certificate – Debt Servic e Fund” and “– Priority of Funds in the 
Event of Debt Service Fund Shortfall” in Appendix C.   10 
 
M&O Reserve Fund 
The M&O Reserve Fund is funded from Revenues to equal the amount of the next three months M&O 
Expenses as set forth in the Operating Budget filed with the Tr ustee. Moneys in the M&O Reserve Fund 
may be transferred to the Operating Fund for the payment of M&O Expenses upon delivery of a Certificate 
of an Authorized Representative of the City. See “Management’s Discussion of Financial Information” and 
“Summary of Certain Provisions of the Certificate – M&O Reserve  Fund” in Appendix C.  As of the date 
hereof, the amount required to be deposited in the M&O Reserve Fund is $4,602,287.  As of the date hereof, 
the amount in the M&O Reserve Fund was $4,802,704 which is $200,417 more than the amount required. 
Renewal and Replacement Reserve Fund. The Renewal and Replacement Reserve Fund is funded from 
Revenues to equal the amount of the Renewal and Replacement Reserve Fund Requirement. Moneys in the 
Renewal and Replacement Reserve Fund may be applied to the Cost of any Capital Improvement which is 
not provided for by moneys available in the Project Fund, the General Fund or the Operating Fund in 
accordance with the procedures set forth in the Certificate, in cluding without limitation the costs of 
unanticipated or emergency repairs or replacements of any part of the Jetport which are properly chargeable 
to plant or property accounts under generally accepted accounti ng principles.  See “Summary of Certain 
Provisions of the Certificate – Renewal and Replacement Reserve Fund” in Appendix C.   
The Renewal and Replacement Reserve Fund Requirement is the amount shown on the Operating Budget 
then in effect as required to be the balance of the Renewal and  Replacement Reserve Fund for the fiscal 
year.  The Operating Budget for fiscal year 2020 does not requi re any balance in the Renewal and 
Replacement Reserve Fund.  As such, the Renewal and Replacement  Reserve Fund currently has a $0.00 
balance.  
Additional Bonds 
The Certificate contains certain conditions precedent to the issuance of Bonds, including requirements that 
the City shall have complied with the Rate Requirements for any  period of twelve consecutive months 
included wholly within the most recent period of eighteen consecutive months preceding the date on which 
such Bonds are to be issued for which such information is available and either (i) that the City shall certify, 
which certificate shall be confirmed by the Accountant, that fo r any period of twelve consecutive months 
wholly included within the most recent period of 18 consecutive months preceding the date on which such 
Bonds are to be issued and for which such information is available, Net Revenues for such period of twelve 
consecutive months were at least equal to 125% of maximum annual Debt Service on all Outstanding Bonds 
after giving effect to the issuance of such Bonds and to the refunding of any Prior General Obligation Bonds 
or Bonds to be refunded from the proceeds of such Bonds or (ii) that an Airport Consultant shall certify that 
in its estimation, for each fiscal year during the period commencing with (and including) the fiscal year in 
which such Bonds are to be issued and ending with (and includin g) the later of the fifth subsequent fiscal 
year or the third fiscal year following the date on which all P rojects financed in whole or in part by such 
Bonds are estimated to have been completed and placed in operat ion, the Rate Requirements will be 
satisfied, taking into account the particular Series of Bonds t o be issued (and the refunding of any Prior 
Revenue Bonds or Bonds to be refunded from the proceeds thereof ), such estimations to be based on 
estimates by an Independent Engineer of the cost to complete an d the time for completion and initial 
operation of such Projects and to be after giving effect, among other factors as an Airport Consultant shall 
consider relevant, to any estimated increased in M&O Expenses a nd in Revenues as the result of the 
completion of such Projects or any portion thereof. 
The foregoing requirements need not be met for Bonds issued to refund the Prior Revenue Bonds or other 
Bonds so long as debt service is not increased in any fiscal year and the latest maturity date of the refunding 
Bonds is not later than the latest maturity date of the Bonds t o be refunded.  The Certificate requires that 
upon the issuance of Bonds, for refunding purposes or otherwise, the applicable Series Account of the Debt 11 
 
Service Reserve Fund will be funded to the Series Debt Service Reserve Fund Requirement. In addition, 
the Certificate permits the City to issue other Indebtedness in cluding, but not limited to, Subordinated 
Bonds, grant and bond anticipation notes, Indebtedness secured by the General Fund, Indebtedness secured 
by PFC Revenues and certain other special facilities or other non-recourse Indebtedness. See “Summary of 
Certain Provisions of the Certificate – Conditions Precedent to Delivery of a Series of Bonds” in Appendix 
C hereto. 
Permitted Investments 
Moneys held for the credit of the Funds and Accounts establishe d under the Certificate may, with certain 
exceptions, be invested only in “Investment Securities” as defi ned in the Certificate. See “Summary of 
Certain Provisions of the Certificate – Definitions” in Appendix C. 
Modifications of the Certificate 
The provisions of the Certificate are subject to modification in certain cases without the consent of the 
holders of the Series 2019 Bonds (including without limitation under certain circumstances when a Credit 
Provider is authorized to consent to modifications on behalf of holders of certain Bonds) and in other cases 
if and when approved by the holders of the requisite percentages of the Series 2019 Bonds outstanding.  See 
“Summary of Certain Provisions of the Certificate – Supplemental Certificates Effective Upon Filing With 
the Trustee” and following in Appendix C. 
OUTSTANDING OBLIGATIONS AND OTHER JETPORT RELATED DEBT 
Except for the Prior Revenue Bonds, and certain debt described below, there are no outstanding bonds or 
other evidences of indebtedness of the City with respect to the  Jetport.  There are no Prior General 
Obligation Bonds or Subordinated Bonds outstanding as of the da te hereof.  There is no authorized but 
unissued general obligation debt with respect to the Jetport as of the date hereof. 
 
  Final Balance as of June 30, 
Series 
Issued Maturity 2018 2019 2020 
2010 January 28, 2010 January 1, 2040 $70,620,000 $69,175,000 $0
2013 April 4, 2013 January 1, 2032 21,315,000 20,300,000 19,250,0 00
2016 October 6, 2016 January 1, 2038 20,125,000 19,520,000 18,885,000
2019 December 5, 2019 January 1, 2040 0 0 58,450,000
   $112,060,000 $108,995,000 $96,585,000
 
  12 
 
DEBT SERVICE REQUIREMENTS 
Fiscal 
Year 
Ended 
June 30, 
Debt Service on 
Prior  
Revenue Bonds 
 
(less Debt Service 
on  
Refunded Bonds) 
Series 2019 Bonds 
Consolidated 
Debt Service Principal  Interest 
Debt 
Service 
2020 $8,649,125 ($1,712,413)  $6,936,712
2021 8,678,225 (5,054,825) $250,000 $2,660,880 $2,910,880 6,534,2 80
2022 8,693,075 (5,073,325) 270,000 2,471,650 2,741,650 6,361,400
2023 8,723,075 (5,101,825) 285,000 2,460,850 2,745,850 6,367,100
2024 8,742,575 (5,124,575) 295,000 2,449,450 2,744,450 6,362,450
2025 8,771,575 (5,151,575) 1,665,000 2,437,650 4,102,650 7,722,65 0
2026 8,798,950 (5,182,325) 1,745,000 2,387,700 4,132,700 7,749,32 5
2027 8,834,075 (5,211,325) 1,825,000 2,335,350 4,160,350 7,783,10 0
2028 8,851,450 (5,238,325) 1,905,000 2,280,600 4,185,600 7,798,72 5
2029 8,890,700 (5,273,075) 2,040,000 2,185,350 4,225,350 7,842,97 5
2030 8,915,575 (5,299,825) 2,165,000 2,083,350 4,248,350 7,864,10 0
2031 8,946,075 (5,328,575) 3,090,000 1,975,100 5,065,100 8,682,60 0
2032 8,973,588 (5,356,338) 3,270,000 1,820,600 5,090,600 8,707,85 0
2033 8,999,138 (5,384,388) 3,465,000 1,657,100 5,122,100 8,736,85 0
2034 7,027,950 (5,412,200) 3,665,000 1,483,850 5,148,850 6,764,60 0
2035 7,061,750 (5,444,250) 3,880,000 1,300,600 5,180,600 6,798,10 0
2036 7,095,750 (5,474,750) 4,065,000 1,145,400 5,210,400 6,831,40 0
2037 7,129,250 (5,503,250) 4,255,000 982,800 5,237,800 6,863,800
2038 7,152,500 (5,530,250) 4,450,000 812,600 5,262,600 6,884,850
2039 5,535,250 (5,535,250) 4,635,000 634,600 5,269,600 5,269,600
2040 11,943,750 (11,943,750) 11,230,000 449,200 11,679,200 11,679 ,200
TOTAL $176,413,401 ($114,336,414) $58,450,000 $36,014,680 $94,464,680 $156,541,667
 
ESTIMATED SOURCES AND USES OF FUNDS 
 
Sources:  
Principal Amount of Series 2019 Bonds $58,450,000.00 
Net Premium 8,976,860.65 
Other Available Moneys(1) 8,425,295.34 
Total Sources $75,852,155.99 
Uses:  
Deposit to the Escrow Fund to refund Refunded Bonds $69,371,925.90 
Deposit to the Series 2019 Account of the Debt Service Reserve Fund 5,839,600.00 
 Costs of Issuance 336,859.22 
Underwriter’s Discount 303,770.87 
Total Uses $75,852,155.99 
 
NOTE: (1) Represents moneys in the Series 2010 Debt Service Reserve Fund as a result of the refunding. 
  13 
 
THE CITY 
PORTLAND, MAINE 
 
The City of Portland is located on the southern coast of the 
State of Maine in the southeastern section of the County of 
Cumberland, the State’s m ost populous county.  The City 
is approximately 108 miles north-northeast of Boston, 
Massachusetts and 60 miles southwest of the City of 
Augusta, the State’s capital.  The City is the largest in 
Maine, the seat of government for Cumberland County and 
the region’s leading industrial, commercial and cultural 
center.  With one of the finest deep water harbors on the 
Atlantic Coast, the City is closer to Europe than any other 
transatlantic port in the United States.  The City enjoys 
numerous parks, monuments, historical sites, several 
hotels and restaurants.  The City is the home of the 
Portland campus of the University of Southern Maine, the 
Portland campus of the University of New England, the 
Portland Museum of Art, the Maine College of Art and the 
Cross Insurance Arena.  Major medical centers, the Maine 
Medical Center and Mercy Hospital, are also located in the 
City. 
Being the hub of Maine’s southern region, convenient access to Portland is provided by Exits 44 through 
48 of U.S. Interstate Route 95 (the Maine Turnpike) which intersects the City’s western plain in a north-
south direction and the U.S. Interstate Route 295 spur which bisects the City through its interior.  U.S. Route 
1 follows the coastal plain of the City, also in a north-south direction.  The Portland International Jetport, 
located in the City, provides air traffic for the region.  The Casco Bay Island Transit District provides for 
commuter and tour boat service to the major islands in Casco Bay.  Bus transit, by major carriers operating 
from two terminals in the City, provides regularly scheduled in ter-state and intra-state transportation.  The 
Maine Central Railroad, Boston & Maine Corporation and the St. Lawrence & Atlantic Railroad Company 
provide the greater Portland area with rail links to all of Maine, the continental United States and Canada. 
 
The Port of Portland is a transportation hub connecting Portland to the world and supports a diverse mix of 
cargo and cruise activity through the International Marine Terminal and Ocean Gateway, respectively.  The 
International Marine Cargo Terminal is owned by the City but operated by the Maine Port Authority.  This 
facility continues to expand in size and is connected directly to rail service.  Eimskip USA (the Icelandic 
Steamship Company) established its U.S. Port of Call in Portlan d in 2014, moving its base of operations 
from Norfolk Virginia.  Eimskip USA offers direct transatlantic services between the U.S., Canada and 
Europe and is planning further expansion of their operations on Portland’s waterfront.  In addition, a large, 
multi-million dollar cold storage facility will be constructed at the International Marine Cargo Terminal to 
support Maine and Portland’s growing food production industry.  Ocean Gateway provides berthing for 
cruise ships.  For the 2018 season, the Port of Portland hosted 118 cruise ships, with approximately 170,000 
passengers and 66,600 crew.  The largest of these vessels carried over 6,400 passengers and crew, docking 
at the City’s mega-berth.  All these numbers exceeded those of 2017.  
 
The City was settled in 1632 and incorporated in 1786.  The first charter of the City was granted on March 
26, 1832 and amended most recently effective December 6, 2012 providing for a Council/Mayor/Manager 
form of government with a nine-member City Council, one member of which is the Mayor.  Each of the 
City’s five voting districts elect one Council member, with fou r members, including the Mayor, being 
14 
 
elected from the registered voters of the entire City at large.   The Council members are elected for three-
year staggered terms.  The Mayor’s term is four years with a two consecutive term limit.  The Charter grants 
to the City Council all powers to enact, amend, or repeal rules, ordinances and resolutions relating to the 
City’s property, affairs and government, to preserve the public  peace, health and safety, to establish 
personnel policies and to authorize the issuance of debt. The Council adopts an annual budget and provides 
for an annual audit.  The City Manager is appointed by majority  v o t e  o f  t h e  C i t y  C o u n c i l ,  i s  t h e  
administrative head of the City and is responsible to the City Council for the administration of all 
departments. 
PORTLAND – SOUTH PORTLAND METROPOLITAN STATISTICAL AREA 
 
The U.S. Department of Commerce, Bureau 
of the Census defines a metropolitan 
statistical area (“MSA”) as an area that 
includes at least one city with 50,000 or 
more inhabitants, or a Census Bureau-
defined urbanized area (of at least 50,000 
inhabitants) and a total metropolitan 
population of at least 75,000 (in New 
England).  Additional cities and towns are 
included in the MSA if they meet specified 
requirements of commuting to the central 
area and other selected requirements of 
metropolitan character (such as population 
density and percent urban).  An MSA was 
also considered a labor market area.  The 
map displays the three cities and 19 towns 
that comprised the Portland – South 
Portland MSA. 
 
SOURCE: Maine Department of Labor, Labor Market Information Services 
 
The City is the hub of the Portland MSA and is a regional desti nation for retail, wholesale, distribution, 
transportation, banking, legal,  medical, recreational, and other major services for its market and its 
contiguous area.  The following table displays certain sectors of the City’s economy, as measured by retail 
sales: 
Retail Sales by Product Group and Consumer Sales  
($/000) 
 
 Business/ 
Operating 
Building 
Supply 
Food 
Store 
General 
Mdse. 
Other 
Retail 
Auto/ 
Transp. 
Rest. & 
Lodging 
Group 
Total 
Consumer
Sales 
2018 185,132 273,914 197,595 135,348 157,358 304,285 502,004 1,755,6 36 1,570,504 
2017 177,707 262,583 187,219 130,846 160,160 285,755 484,091 1,688,3 62 1,510,655 
2016 173,887 254,344 174,345 128,625 162,224 278,584 467,080 1,639,0 89 1,465,202 
2015 187,994 233,189 133,721 123,322 147,950 258,706 426,409 1,511,2 92 1,323,297 
2014 182,692 234,807 125,263 120,295 133,485 231,754 382,180 1,410,4 74 1,227,783 
2013 152,932 227,109 118,318 106,723 126,285 229,283 339,978 1,300,6 28 1,147,696 
2012 138,848 201,034 114,656 107,965 167,298 217,646 328,804 1,276,2 51 1,137,403 
2011 134,046 188,966 108,345 106,843 218,037 205,697 314,045 1,275,9 81 1,141,934 
2010 151,627 180,949 102,869 101,340 177,280 197,376 297,095 1,208,5 35 1,056,908 
2009 138,290 179,186 99,997 97,365 171,207 200,955 277,665 1,164,665  1,026,376 
 
SOURCE: State of Maine, Department of Taxation, Sales Tax Section.   
15 
 
LOCAL ECONOMY 
 
Portland is a healthy, vibrant City with diverse sectors driving its economy.  It is a major center in northern 
New England for commerce, finance, arts and entertainment, food  and drink, health care, IT, the marine 
industry, post-secondary education, and tourism.     
 
Among the 36.7 million people who visit Maine each year and generate close to $6 billion in spending, 
about 25% of those visitors come through the Portland area and spend about $682 million.  In addition, the 
City is attracting new residents from all over the country and around the world, including an ever-growing 
creative sector of young entrepreneurs.  While Maine is reporte d to be the state with the oldest people, 
median age of 43.5 years, Portland’s median age is 35.8, even less than the national median age of 37.4.  
 
Portland's food sector continues to bring the City regional, na tional and global recognition.  In 2009, Bon 
Appetit and Wine Enthusiast  magazines both recognized Portland as among the best foodie ci ties in 
America. Last year, Bon Appetit named Portland the 2018 Restaurant City of the Year.  Recogniz ed as 
hosting a culinary boom, the Boston Globe wrote that Portland, Maine is what it looks like when a small 
city becomes an innovative and nationally recognized hub of cuisine.  The local farm-to-table movement is  
an integral part of the food sector’s growth in Portland. In addition to its booming restaurant industry, there 
is also a growing craft beer industry.  Portland has more micro breweries per capita than any other city in 
the nation.  There are now about 22 breweries in the City and close to 100 in Maine.  Two of the largest are 
in Portland and have won interna tional awards – Shipyard Brewing Company and Allagash Brewing 
Company.  Their beers are distributed throughout the United States and beyond.   
 
Portland’s downtown greatly contributes to the City’s reputation as a vibrant center for innovation, arts and 
culture, dining, shopping, and entertainment.  Young profession als, retirees and entrepreneurs of all ages 
are choosing to move to Portland for these reasons as well as i ts pedestrian orientation.  The Old Port and 
the Arts District are the two districts that comprise the heart of the downtown.  Among the recent downtown 
redevelopment projects is the c ompleted $9 million renovation o f what was formerly the old Asylum 
nightclub on Center Street and is now Aura.  This 24,000 square foot live music and restaurant facility will 
accommodate concert occupancy up to 1,000 people as well as business and entertainment event space. 
 
The downtown continues to experience huge growth in hotel rooms.  Three of the newest hotels are the AC 
Hotel Portland Downtown/Waterfront by Marriott with 169 rooms and nine suites and the Francis Hotel, a 
boutique venue with 15 rooms and a restaurant that opened in an historic mansion on Congress Street as 
well as the 110-room Press Hotel in the Arts District, located in the former Portland Press Herald building.  
It joined the Westin Harborview, formerly the Eastland Park Hotel, which reopened at the end of 2013 after 
undergoing a $30 million renovation and, in the Old Port, is the 123-room Hyatt Place Hotel on Fore Street 
($15 million), the 131-room Courtyard by Marriot on the western  section of Commercial Street ($17 
million), and the $10 million Inn at Diamond Cove on Great Diamond Island which accommodates 22 hotel 
condo units.  There continue to be more new hotels under development and proposed.  Two new waterfront 
hotels on Commercial Street are in the planning stages at 383 C ommercial Street and at 58 Fore Street (as 
part of the Portland Company complex) totaling 278 rooms.  
 
Portland has two major hospitals:  Maine Medical Center (“MMC”)  a n d  M e r c y  H o s p i t a l .   M M C  i s  a  
teaching hospital and the largest medical facility in northern New England.  Also being Portland’s largest 
employer, MMC has undertaken an estimated $525 million expansion to modernize and expand the hospital 
and related campus facilities.  The expansion is expected to take place over several years and is conditional 
on market conditions and other pr oject approvals and requiremen ts.  Bridging health care and academia, 
the University of New England (“UNE”) opened the UNE College of  Dental Medicine on its Portland 
campus in 2013.  In 2009, UNE opened the State’s first College of Pharmacy and graduated its first class 
of pharmacists in the spring of 2013.  16 
 
ECONOMIC CHARACTERISTICS  
 City of 
Portland 
% Change from Prior Census 
Population City State USA 
1970 65,116 (10.3) 2.4 13.4 
1980 61,572 (5.4) 13.4 11.4 
1990 64,358 4.5 9.2 9.8 
2000 64,249 (0.2) 3.8 13.2 
2010 66,194 3.0 4.2 8.9 
 
SOURCE: Respective census, U.S. Department of Commerce, Bureau of the Census. 
 
Population Characteristics  City of 
Portland 
Cumberland 
County 
State of 
Maine 
 
USA 
Median age (years) 36.7 41.0 42.7 37.2 
% school age 24.6% 26.1% 18.2% 20.4% 
% working age 70.3% 64.8% 63.4% 62.9% 
% 65 and over 12.6% 14.3% 15.9% 13.0% 
Persons/household 2.07 2.32 2.32 2.58 
 
Income  City of 
Portland 
Cumberland 
County 
State of 
Maine 
 
USA 
Median family income $63,239 $71,335 $58,185 $62,982 
% below poverty level 17.5% 10.5% 12.6% 13.8% 
Per capita income $27,794 $31,041 $25,385 $27,334 
 
Housing  City of 
Portland 
Cumberland 
County 
State of 
Maine 
 
USA 
% owner occupied 45.9% 68.5% 73.1% 66.6% 
% Built before 1939 53.4% 29.0% 28.1% 14.1% 
% Built since 2000 4.9% 10.8% 8.9% 12.8% 
Owner occupied med. value $248,100 $248,400 $176,200 $188,400 
Median gross rent $840 $868 $707 $841 
Occupied housing units 30,725 117,339 557,219 - 
 
SOURCE: 2010 Census, U.S. Department of Commerce, Bureau of the Census. 
 
Unemployment  City of 
Portland 
Cumberland 
County 
State of 
Maine 
 
USA 
2018  2.6% 2.7% 3.4% 3.9% 
2017  2.5 2.5 3.3 4.4 
2016  2.8 2.9 3.9 4.9 
2015  3.3 3.4 4.4 5.3 
2014  4.3 4.4 5.7 6.2 
2013  4.3 5.3 6.7 7.4 
2012  5.1 5.8 7.3 8.1 
2011  5.9 6.0 4.5 8.9 
2010  6.3 6.3 7.9 9.6 
2009  6.4 6.4 8.0 9.3 
 
SOURCE: State of Maine, Department of Labor, Division of Economic Analysis and Research. 
 17 
 
THE JETPORT’S AIR TRADE AREA 
The Jetport’s primary air trade area, within 
which (i) a majority of originating 
passengers using the Jetport reside and (ii) 
comparable alternative facilities are not 
available within a driving distance of less 
than 90 miles, is comprised of the seven 
Maine counties of Androscoggin, 
Cumberland, Kennebec, Knox, Lincoln, 
Oxford and Sagadahoc.  The seven counties 
are home to approximately one-half the 
population of Maine or 682,478 people. 
 
 
 
 
_________________ 
SOURCE: 2010 Census, U.S. Department of 
Commerce, Bureau of the Census (2014). 
 
THE JETPORT  
General 
The Jetport is classified as a primary commercial service airpo rt by the Federal Aviation Administration 
(“FAA”) in its National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems; and  is further classified as a small hub airport 
because it enplanes between 0.05 and 0.24 percent of the airline passengers in the United States.  The Jetport 
(FAA designation “PWM”) occupies approximately 840 acres of land in the City and in the adjacent city of 
South Portland and is approximatel y three miles west of Portlan d’s downtown.  The Jet port differentiates 
itself through its customer service and has been recognized for its efforts in this area.  In 2019, the Jetport was 
awarded Airport Council International Airport Service Quality Awards for Best Airport by Size and Category 
(less than 2 Million Passengers in North America) and Best Customer Service by Size (less than 2 Million 
Passengers). 
Airfield 
The Jetport’s major airfield facilities consist of two air 
carrier runways and associated taxiways, which provide 
access to the air carrier apron to the north and west, the 
cargo area to the north and east, and general aviation 
facilities to the east and south.  The primary runway, 
11/29, is 7,200 feet in length.  The secondary runway, 
18/36, is 6,100 feet in length and used primarily for 
crosswind operations. 
The taxiway system at the Jetport consists of two full-
length taxiways parallel to the two air carrier runways 
and five exit taxiways.  Taxiway A is a full-length 
access to the holding aprons as well as ingress access to 
the holding aprons as well as ingress access to the   
Jetport Runways
MAINE
MASSACHUSETTS
NEW 
HAMPSHIRE
VERMONT
18 
 
holding aprons as well as ingress on the north side of Runway 1 1/29 and on both ends of Runway 11/29. 
Taxiway C is a full-length taxiway parallel to the west side of Runway 18/36.  The north end of Taxiway C 
provides ingress and egress to Runway 18.  The south end of Taxiway C intersects with and provides an exit 
to Runway 11/29 as well as provides ingress and egress to Runway 36.  Additionally, it connects to the south 
fixed base operator apron via Taxiways Y and Z.  The six exit taxiways are: Taxiway B, Taxiway D, Taxiway 
E, Taxiway F, Taxiway G and Taxiway J. 
Terminal 
In 2012, the Jetport completed the Terminal Project 
financed with the Series 2010 Bonds, a significant 
renovation and expansion of  its passenger terminal 
complex.  The Terminal Project was only the second 
in the U.S. to achieve LEED gold certification by the 
U.S. Green Building Council (“USGBC”).  The 
terminal is located near midfield in an east-west 
orientation on the north side of Runway 11/29 and 
consists of approximately 300,000 square feet of 
space, divided into three levels for passenger 
processing.  The passenger terminal contains 14 
passenger gates, nine of which contain passenger 
loading bridges and three of which contain regional 
boarding ramps.  The passenger terminal apron is 
south of the terminal and provides aircraft parking, 
access and circulation for air carrier gate positions. Jetport Campus 
Parking Facilities 
The parking facilities at the Jetport include a short-term park ing area, long-term garage, and long-term 
surface lot, all located north of the terminal.  The parking facilities at the Jetport include a 2,181-space 
parking garage completed in phases in March 2003 and January 20 09 and a 502-space surface lot with a 
total of 2,683 public parking spaces at the Jetport.  In addition, the Jetport has a discount parking lot located 
approximately two miles west of the terminal that is accessed v ia Jetport parking shuttle and an overflow 
and waiting (cell phone) lot located just north of the long-ter m garage.  These surface lots contain 548 
spaces.  Finally, the Jetport h as a 275-space employee surface lot and a 238-space rental car ready/return 
lot in the sublevel of the parking garage. 
Access Roads 
International Parkway and Jetport Boulevard provide access to t he Jetport terminal and parking facilities 
from public highways.  Jetport Boulevard connects with Johnson Road (State Route 9) near Maine Turnpike 
Exit 46 and runs easterly along runway 11/29 to the point where  it intersects with International Parkway 
which connects with Congress Street (State Routes 9 and 22) about ½ mile northeast of the Maine Turnpike 
exit.  From the intersection, the terminal and parking facilities are accessed by a loop road. 
Other Facilities 
Other Jetport facilities include general aviation, cargo, snow removal equipment and maintenance building, 
airport rescue and firefighting (“ARFF”) station and the air tr affic control tower (“ATC Tower”).  There 
are two general aviation areas providing aprons, fueling facili ties, hangars, and buildings.  One general 
aviation area is located to the north of the terminal and west of Runway 18/36 and the other located to the 
south of Runway 11/29 and west of Runway 18/36.  The cargo area and the maintenance facility are located 
to the east of Runway 18/36.  The ARFF station and ATC Tower ar e located to the west of Runway 18/36 
and the east of the terminal. 
19 
 
CAPITAL IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM 
General 
In 2014, the Jetport, in conjunction with Stantec, Coffman Associates, VHB, and DKMG Consulting LLC 
commenced the update of the current Airport Master Plan (the “Master Plan”).  This Master Plan update 
was done under the Federal Aviation Administration’s sustainabl e master plan pilot program, which 
integrates sustainable principles into the plan development.   The Master Plan update included the 
development of short, intermediate, and long term capital impro vements.  The Master Plan sets forth 
priorities for capital projects at the Jetport and each year, t he City re-examines these priorities for project 
funding.  While some projects are demand-based, others are dict ated by design standards, safety, federal 
requirements, or rehabilitation needs.  There is a higher level  of uncertainty as to the estimated cost and 
schedule of projects in the later years of the Master Plan as c ompared to those scheduled to be undertaken 
within the short term years 1-6 of the program.  The estimated cost of the Jetport’s Capital Improvement 
Program for fiscal year 2020 through fiscal year 2024 (the “CIP”) is approximately $49.09 million of which 
is 54.2% funded by federal and State monies, 31.9% funded by PFCs and 13.9% funded by Jetport funds.  
The largest project in the CIP is expected to be a Federal Insp ection Services facility to allow for 
international passenger processing at an estimated cost of $9.7 million. 
 
AVIATION ACTIVITY AT THE JETPORT 
 
Airlines Providing Service at the Jetport 
 
As of June 30, 2019, passenger and cargo service at the Jetport was provided by the airlines listed in the 
table below.  Except as hereafter set forth under the heading “ AIRLINE AND OTHER REVENUE 
PRODUCING AGREEMENTS – Airline Agreements,” the City has no expectation that the airlines listed 
in the table below will continue to provide service at the Jetport or which, if any, airlines may in the future 
provide service at the Jetport.   
 
Low-Cost Carriers 
Mainline Carriers & Regional Affiliates  All-Cargo Carriers 
Elite Airways 
Frontier Airlines 
JetBlue Airways 
Southwest Airlines 
 
American Airlines 
Envoy 
Piedmont 
PSA Airlines 
Republic Airlines 
Trans State Airlines 
 
Delta Air Lines 
Endeavor Air 
Go Jet Airlines 
SkyWest Airlines 
United Airlines 
Air Wisconsin 
CommutAir 
ExpressJet
 Airlines 
Go Jet Airlines 
Mesa Airlines 
Republic Airlines 
SkyWest 
Airlines 
Trans State 
Airlines
 
FedEx 
Wiggins 
 
NOTE: (1) On October 17, 2015, US Airways ceased operations after merging with American Airlines. 
Origin and Destination Information 
Approximately 100% of passenger traffic at the Jetport is compr ised of origin and destination (“O&D”) 
passengers.  The largest 25 O&D markets, each of which provided at least 1.0% of total O&D traffic at the 
Jetport in calendar year 2018, represented 64.0% of total O&D t raffic at the Jetport.  O&D traffic patterns 
at the Jetport are relatively diversified as none of the largest markets represents more than 5.4% of the total 
traffic base.  Most of the largest markets correspond to large metropolitan areas in the United States located 
far enough from the air trade area to make air travel an efficient option in terms of total trip time. 20 
 
The table below sets forth historical enplanements at the Jetpo rt for fiscal years 2009 through 2019.  
Enplanements at the Jetport have grown at a compound annual gro wth rate of 2.5% from fiscal year 2009 
to fiscal year 2019.  
Historical Enplanements 
Fiscal Major/ Regional/  Annual 
Year National Commuter Total Growth 
2009 252,768 608,817 861,585 - 
2010 300,488 558,199 858,687 (0.3)% 
2011 333,444 515,632 849,076 (1.1)% 
2012 350,728 473,437 824,165 (2.9)% 
2013 360,561 457,980 818,541 (0.7)% 
2014 376,028 467,040 843,148 3.0% 
2015 371,034 471,750 842,784 (0.1)% 
2016 381,825 494,425 876,250 4.0% 
2017 439,455 473,458 912,913 4.2% 
2018 472,825 496,858 969,683 6.2% 
2019 601,342 506,142 1,107,484 14.2% 
 
The table below sets forth the Jetport’s historical enplanement  market share for fiscal years 2015 through 
2019.  As evidenced by the data presented in this table, the Je tport market has become more competitive 
over the past several years.  Low cost carrier market share has become significant as these airlines continue 
to add flights and destinations at the Jetport.  In general, the broader base of airlines serving the Jetport and 
relative balance in market share among the airlines has made th e Jetport a more stable market capable of 
sustaining consistent growth in enplanements with new capacity and lower fares. 
Historical Enplanements Market Share
(1) 
 
 
 
SOURCE: Jetport Records 
NOTE:  (1) Airline enplanements include operations by mainline carrier and its regional affiliates, where applicable. 
(2) On October 17, 2015, U.S. Airways ceased operations after merging with American Airlines. 
 
AIRLINE AND OTHER REVENUE PRODUCING AGREEMENTS 
General 
The Jetport receives Revenues from various rental and fee payme nts made by airlines and other users for 
the use of various Jetport facilities.  Pursuant to substantially similar airline operating agreements and 
terminal building leases between the City and the airlines which sign such agreements, each airline pays 
% % % % % 
Share Share Share  Share Share
American / U.S. Airways
(2) 334,191 30.18% 276,711 28.54% 258,392 28.30% 250,710 28.61% 235,655 27.96%
Delta 272,980 24.65% 247,928 25.57% 222,766 24.40% 220,160 25.13% 217,77 62 5 . 8 4 %
United 215,389 19.45% 199,013 20.52% 182,297 19.97% 173,551 19.81% 162,563 19.29%
Southwest 154,945 13.99% 150,167 15.49% 148,624 16.28% 130,567 14.90% 127,060 15.08%
Frontier 71,552 6.46% 0 0.00% 0 0.00% 0 0.00% 0 0.00%
JetBlue 52,935 4.78% 88,193 9.10% 92,826 10.17% 98,298 11.22% 99,730 11.83%
Elite Airways 5,492 0.50% 7,671 0.79% 8,008 0.88% 2,964 0.34% 0 0.00%
Total 1,107,484 100.00% 969,683 100.00% 912,913 100.00% 876,250 100.00% 842,784 100.00%
AIRLINE 2019 2018 2017 2016 201521 
 
rentals, fees and other charges for such airline's use and occupancy of the Jetport terminal, aprons and other 
airfield areas.  Jetport parking facilities, which provide a si gnificant source of Revenues to the Jetport, are 
operated pursuant to a management agreement.  Rental car conces sions are also a significant source of 
Revenues.  Revenues are also received from food and beverage co ncessions, news and gift concessions, 
advertising and other sources. 
Airline Agreements  
The airlines with which the City is operating under airline agr eements are: American Airlines, Delta Air 
Lines, FedEx, JetBlue Airways, Southwest Airlines, and United Airlines (the “Occupant Airlines”).  The 
City has agreements with the and the Occupant Airlines that commenced on July 1, 2016 and terminate on 
June 30, 2021.  
The Occupant Airlines and certain regional affiliate airlines w hich provided passenger service accounted 
for approximately 93.5% of fiscal year 2019 enplanements.  Pursuant to the airline agreements, an affiliate 
airline may provide service at the Jetport pursuant to a separate agreement with an Occupant Airline subject 
to certain conditions.  The City has no expectation which curre nt such code share airlines, if any, may in 
the future provide service at the Jetport. 
During any period between the expiration of an airline agreemen t and the execution of a new airline 
agreement or if for any other reason an airline agreement is not in effect with any airline serving the Jetport, 
the City, acting through its Airport Director, has the authorit y, pursuant to the City Code of Ordinances, 
Chapter 18, Article IV, Sections 18-81 through 18-83 and subjec t to applicable federal law, to set rentals, 
fees and other charges to airlines using Jetport facilities without any further action or approval by the City 
Council (but subject to disapproval by the City Manager) or any other department, agency, instrumentality 
or official of the City or the State. 
Rates for rentals, charges, and fees for the Occupant Airlines are calculated on an annual basis using a 
compensatory rate-making methodology.  The landing fee recovers 50% of certain costs attributable to the 
Jetport field divided by total airport landed weight.  The term inal building rental rate for each of the (i) 
common use, (ii) exclusive use, (iii) preferential use and (iv)  public and concession areas is based on 
requirements of the terminal divided by the total square footage of those four areas.  The Occupant Airlines 
are charged for the common use, exclusive use and preferential use areas.  Rentals, charges, and fees for 
the current rate setting period are adjusted for the variance of budget to actual M&O Expenses from the 
prior rate setting period. 
The airline agreements provide t hat for each rate adjustment pe riod, the City will provide the budget and 
actual financial information for the prior rate setting period and a budget for the current rate setting period; 
the adjustment of rates for the prior fiscal year that is carried over to the current rate setting period; and the 
calculation of proposed rentals, charges, and fees for the current rate setting period to the Occupant Airlines.  
A meeting is also held between the Airport Director and the Occupant Airlines for the purpose of discussing 
the proposed rentals, charges, and fees.  The Airport Director may also give consideration to Occupant 
Airline comments and suggestions prior to the adoption and fina lization of the proposed rentals, charges, 
and fees. 
A majority-in-interest (“MII”) provision is included in the proposed airline agreements for the Jetport field 
and terminal building capital improvements.  MII is defined as 50% in number of all Occupant Airlines, 
which in aggregate paid 50% or more of landing fees or terminal  building rentals in the preceding fiscal 
year for the Jetport field and the terminal building, respectively. 
The Jetport’s premises are leased by the Occupant Airlines exclusively, preferentially, and jointly.  Any un-
leased areas are under the direct control of the City. 22 
 
The landing fees and terminal rentals are compensatory based fo rmulas that recover the costs of operating 
the Jetport field and terminal cost centers.  The rate-base items that determine the total requirement for the 
rate calculations include M&O Expenses, equipment and certain c apital outlays, amortization and debt 
service.  The rates and charges to the Occupant Airlines are de termined prospectively pursuant to the 
ratemaking procedures of the airline agreements.  After the end  of the fiscal year, the amounts actually 
collected from the Occupant Airlines are reconciled to the amou nts actually required under the proposed 
airline agreement to be paid for such fiscal year, and the amount of any overpayment or underpayment is 
established.  The Occupant Airlines are responsible for any und erpayments and overpayments, which will 
be included in the next fiscal year’s rates and charges. 
In addition to all other rentals, fees and charges in the propo sed airline agreements, the proposed airline 
agreements contain a provision for extraordinary coverage of de bt service on bonds issued to finance 
improvements to any of the airfield and the common use, prefere ntial use and exclusive use areas of the 
terminal.  Such provision requires that if in any fiscal year, the Jetport projects that Net Revenues available 
in such fiscal year are projected to be less than 125% of Required Debt Service Fund Deposits, the Occupant 
Airlines shall make payment in the rates for rentals, fees and charges of the Jetport in an amount sufficient 
to meet the 125% of Required Debt Service Fund Deposits threshold (the “Extraordinary Coverage 
Protection”).  Should Extraordinary Coverage Protection payment s be made, the Jetport will refund such 
payments to the Occupant Airlines as soon as uncommitted funds become available in the General Fund. 
The airline agreements reserve to the City the right to reassig n one or more of an Occupant Airline’s 
preferentially assigned gates to another Occupant Airline if the airline’s scheduled average gate utilization 
falls below two flights per gate per weekday and the City determines that there is a reasonable need for the 
preferential use of such gate by another Occupant Airline. 
The airline agreements also contain provisions which will obligate the airlines, at the direction of the City, 
to accommodate any airline, including an Occupant Airline, at the Occupant Airline’s preferentially 
assigned gate according to specified procedures. 
Jetport Parking 
Parking and ground transportation management services are provided at the Jetport by SP Plus Corporation 
(“SP Plus Corporation”).  SP Plus  Corporation provides complete  turnkey maintenance and operation 
management of all Jetport parking facilities and operates the shuttle bus service for the Jetport.  
Compensation under the contract is limited to an annual fixed m anagement fee of approximately $83,811 
for parking management and $6,3 65 for ground transportation management as of the date hereof.  The 
management fees are subject to an annual increase as of December 1 as outlined in the contract, plus 
reimbursement of direct operating expenses to third parties inc urred by SP Plus Corporation.  The current 
agreement expires on November 30, 2021 with an automatic renewal for an additional five year term unless 
either party issues a written non-renewal 60 days prior. 
Jetport Concession Agreements 
Rental car services at the Jetport are provided by Avis Budget Car Rental, LLC, Hertz Corporation, and 
Enterprise Rent-A-Car Company of Boston, LLC (“Enterprise”) doing business as Enterprise, National Car 
Rental, and Alamo Rent A Car.  On July 1, 2019, the Jetport neg otiated a new  rental car concession 
agreement with these operators.   Each agreement is for a five y ear term, expiring on June 30, 2024.  
According to these agreements, each rental car company is obligated to pay a concession fee of the greater 
of a specified minimum annual guarantee, or 10% of the gross receipts of each on-airport rental car operator.  
The rental car companies also pay terminal rental for the premises occupied in the terminal; and a customer 
facility charge of $2.00 per day for up to five days on any rental. 23 
 
Additional Revenues are received from concessions for food and beverage and news and gift sales and from 
advertising and other sources.   Food and beverage concessions a t the Jetport are operated pursuant to an 
agreement with Host International, Inc. (“Host”) that terminates on September 30, 2021, with an option for 
Host to extend the agreement for one five-year renewal term, pr ovided that Host is not in material default.  
The City has the right to terminat e the agreement at any time o n 60 days’ notice after the occurrence of 
certain events.  Host is required to pay to the City 15% of its annual gross revenues (excluding any sales 
taxes collected) from alcohol sales at the Jetport and 10% its annual gross revenues (excluding any sales 
taxes collected) from sales of all other products.  In addition, Host provides a minimum annual guaranteed 
amount that will be paid to the Jetport each year, regardless o f the amount of Host’s gross revenue.  The 
minimum annual guarantees are listed within the agreement throu gh September 30, 2016, at which point 
the amount will be adjusted to an amount equal to 85% of the pa yments to the Jetport for the year ending 
September 30, 2016, and each year thereafter, provided that each such annual amount shall not be less than 
the minimum annual guarantee for the immediately preceding year.  In addition, Host must pay for janitorial 
services, repairs, electricity charges and taxes and assessments with respect to its premises.   
The news and gift concessions at the Jetport are operated pursuant to an agreement with The Paradies Shops, 
LLC (“Paradies”) pursuant to an agreement that terminates on De cember 31, 2021, with an option for 
Paradies to extend the agreement for a five year renewal term if it is not in material default at the end of the 
initial term.  Pursuant to the current agreement, Paradies is required to pay to the City 18% of monthly gross 
revenues up to $3,000,000 and 20% of monthly gross revenues in excess of $3,000,000.  In addition, 
Paradies provides a minimum annual guaranteed amount that will be paid to the Jetport each year, regardless 
of the amount of Paradies’ gross revenue.  The minimum annual guarantees are listed within the agreement 
through December 31, 2016, at which point the amount will be adjusted to an amount equal to 85% of the 
payments to the Jetport for the year ending December 31, 2016, and each year thereafter, provided that each 
such annual amount shall not be less than the minimum annual gu arantee for the immediately preceding 
year.  In addition, Paradies must pay for janitorial services, repairs, utility services and taxes and 
assessments with respect to its premises. 
MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION OF THE JETPORT 
Administration 
The Jetport is owned and operated by the City and is managed by its Airport Director.  The Airport Director 
and the Jetport management staff are responsible for the planning, development, management and operation 
of the Jetport. The Airport Director is appointed by the City Manager. 
The Operating Budget for the Jetport is prepared by the Deputy Director of Finance & Administration, 
under the supervision of the Airport Director and in consultati on with the Director of Finance who, with 
the City Manager, is responsible for presenting the city-wide budget for approval of the City Council.  
Under the current City Code of Ordinances, Chapter 18, Article VI, Sections 18-81 through 18-83, the 
Airport Director (subject to disapproval by the City Manager) i s authorized, subject to applicable federal 
law, to set all rentals, fees and other charges for use of any Jetport facility other than by lease or contract 
including without limitation airline rentals, charges and fees,  without any approval by the City Council or 
any other agency, department, instrumentality or official of the City or the State. 
Management 
The following are the principal officials responsible for management and administration of the Jetport: 
Brendan T. O'Connell is the City's Director of Finance. Mr. O'Connell has been empl oyed by the City of 
Portland since 2015, prior to which he was Director of Global A ccounting Policy at Manulife Financial.  
He graduated from Wake Forest University in 2003 with a Bachelo r of Science in Analytical Finance and 24 
 
a Master of Science in Accountancy.  He is responsible for issu ing the City's financial statements and 
managing the accounting and treasury functions of all City funds, including the City funds for the Jetport. 
Paul H. Bradbury, P.E., is the City’s Airport Director. Mr. Bradbury has been employed  with the City in 
various roles at the Jetport since August 1992 and has managed all landside facilities at the Jetport since 
1994. Mr. Bradbury was appointed to his current position of Air port Director in 2008.  In this position, he 
is responsible for the overall management, operations and planning for the Jetport.  Mr. Bradbury graduated 
from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute with a Bachelor of Scienc e in Mechanical Engineering.  He is a 
licensed professional engineer in the State. 
Zachery R. Sundquist, A.A.E, is the City’s Assistant Airport Director.  Mr. Sundquist has been employed 
in his current role at the City since August 2014.  In his role  he is responsible for the day to day operation 
of the Jetport, as well as Air Service Development and Marketin g. Mr. Sundquist is an Accredited Airport 
Executive.  He graduated from St. Cloud State University in 200 4 with a Bachelor of Science in Aviation 
Management.  In 2011 he graduate d from Embry-Riddle Aeronautica l University with a Masters of 
Aeronautical Science with a dual specialization in Management and Safety. 
Barry Brown, C.M. is the City’s Deputy Director, Operations & Maintenance for th e Jetport.  Mr. Brown 
is responsible for the management of the Operations and Maintenance divisions and has been with the City 
since January 2018.  He graduated from Auburn University with a  Bachelor of Science in Business 
Administration with a focus in Aviation Management.  He is an Airport Certified Employee (“ACE”) in 
Operations and Certified Member through the American Association of Airport Executives (“AAAE”).  Mr. 
Brown has previous experience at Norman Y. Mineta San Jose International Airport and Southwest Florida 
International Airport.   
Katharine Johnston  is the City’s Deputy Director of Finance & Administration for the Jetport and is 
responsible for the departmental budgeting, accounting and payroll functions of the Jetport.  Ms. Johnston 
has been at the Jetport since January 2019.  Prior to her current position she has had held positions as a 
Town Administrator and Assistant Treasurer of the City of Portland.  She has a Bachelor of Arts in Public 
Administration from the University of Maine. 
Charles Norton, P.E. is the City’s Deputy Director, Engineering & Facilities for the  Jetport and is 
responsible for the management of Airside and Terminal Engineer ing projects as well as the management 
of the Terminal Facilities, Parking Garage, and Jetport Campus Infrastructure.  Mr. Norton has been 
employed in his current role at the City since September 2016.  In 2010 he graduated with a Bachelor of 
Science in Civil Engineering from the University of Maine.  He is a licensed professional engineer in the 
State. 
Employee Matters 
The Airport Director has sole responsibility for hiring all personnel necessary to operate the Jetport.  As of 
June 30, 2019, there were 54 full-time Jetport employees and on e part-time contract employee.  The 
American Federation of State, County, and Municipal Employees (“AFSCME”) represents two bargaining 
units, Labor and Trades  and Superv isors Unions, and is the bargaining unit for 18 of the full-time Jetport 
employees and for certain other City employees. The current contract between the City and AFSCME 
expired on June 30, 2019 for Labor and Trades and is currently being renegotiated.  The AFSCME 
Supervisors unit was extended one year through June 30, 2020.  The Professional and Technical City 
Employees Association (“Pro-Tech”) is the bargaining unit for 2 0 full-time Jetport employees.  The Pro-
Tech contract expired on July 2,  2019 and is also being renegot iated.  Additionally, the Jetport has 14 
employees who are not represented by unions.  The Jetport has had a good relationship with its employees. 25 
 
RESULTS OF FINANCIAL OPERATIONS 
The following table sets forth revenues, expenses and changes in net assets in the Jetport Fund which has 
been established by the City to account for the operation of the Jetport. 
Statements of Revenues, Expenses and Changes in Net Assets 
For Fiscal Years Ended June 30, 
 
 2019(1) 2018 2017(2) 2016 2015 
Operating revenues:     
Charges for services $26,111,066 $22,896,385 $21,934,310 $21,363,450 $20,766,077
Total operating revenues 26,111,066 22,896,385 21,934,310 21,363,450 20,766,077
Operating expenses:    
Personnel services 4,275,737 5,237,079 5,249,386 4,812,333 4,075,786
Contractual services 8,618,268 7,453,281 6,814,606 6,706,375 6,029,555
Supplies & materials 480,504 825,813 807,642 689,682 706,169
Rentals 19,105 18,759 14,686 40,838 39,555
Utilities 1,191,126 1,371,5 58 1,391,041 1,407,204 1,484,605
Maintenance 1,375,264 2,728,300 1,798,495 1,740,540 1,417,079
Depreciation  9,040,330 9,025,634 8,915,723 8,952,733 9,937,167
Insurance 105,123 100,229 104,169 104,245 128,528
Total operating expenses 25,105,456 26,760,654 25,095,747 24,453,950 23,818,444
Operating loss 1,005,610 (3,864,269) (3,161,437) (3,090,500) (3,052,367)
Non-operating revenues (expenses):   
Passenger Facility Charges 4,803,586 4,081,370 3,742,493 3,504,62 6 3,475,122
Interest and other revenue 581,113 378,399 109,860 175,502 129,680
Interest and other expense (4,931,937) (5,211,399) (5,152,390) (5,567,912) (6,069,915)
Total non-operating revenues 
(expenses) 452,761 (751,630) (1,300,036) (1,887,784) (2,465,113)
Income (loss) before contributions 1,458,371 (4,615,899) (4,461,473) (4,978,284) (5,517,480)
 
Capital contributions:   5,747,613
3,070,600 5,097,942 5,188,818 1,726,702
Change in net position 7,205,984 (1,545,299) 636,469 210,534 (3,790,778)
Net position, beginning of year:   99,420,378 100,965,677 100,329,208 100,118,670 103,909,448
Net position, end of year:   $106,626,363 $99,420,378 $100,965,67 7 $100,329,204 $100,118,670
 
SOURCE: Financial Statements of the Jetport. 
NOTE: (1) Preliminary, unaudited. 
(2) Restated 
  26 
 
The following table sets forth operating revenues of the Jetport, by category, for the last four audited 
fiscal years and the most recent fiscal year (preliminary, unaudited): 
Schedule of Operating Revenues 
Air & Cargo Rentals 2019(1) 2018 2017 2016 2015 
Terminal Rental $4,957,719 $4,311,074 $4,225,910 $4,065,548 $3, 772,250 
Landing Fees 3,897,360 3,178,164 3,128,272 2,936,436 2,675,449 
Cargo Revenues 389,927 362,920 326,254 318,945 325,682 
Total Air & Cargo Rentals 9,245,006 7,852,158 7,680,436 7,320,9 29 6,773,381 
 
Non-Airline Revenues      
Parking 8,204,950 7,039,830 6,854,230 6,557.689 6,475,767 
Rental Cars 5,069,809 4,602,266 4,035,134 4,167,497 4,029,735 
Concessions 1,812,302 1,498,975 1, 417,219 1,329,767 1,363,563 
Other 1,778,998 1,903,156 1,947,291 1,987,569 2,123,361 
Total Non-Airline Revenues 16,866,060 15,044,227 14,253,874 14, 042,522 13,992,426 
 
Total Operating Revenues $26,111,066 $22,896,385 $21,934,310 $2 1,363,450 $20,765,807 
 
NOTE: (1) Preliminary, unaudited. 
Historical Debt Service Coverage 
Fiscal Year ended 
June 30, 
Net 
Revenues 
Required Debt Service 
Fund Deposits 
Debt Service 
Coverage Ratio 
2019(1) $10,627,053 $4,142,963 2.57x 
2018(2) 5,539,764 4,139,287 1.34x 
2017 6,113,253 3,956,472 1.55x 
2016 6,037,735 4,272,585 1.41x 
2015 6,931,357  4,274,760  1.62x 
2014 6,300,739  4,273,991  1.47x 
2013 5,883,180  4,350,133  1.35x 
2012 5,756,611  4,348,864  1.32x 
2011 7,053,023  4,164,104  1.69x 
2010 7,145,530  3,643,981  1.96x 
 
NOTE: (1) Preliminary, unaudited. 
(2) The City is reviewing a potential discrepancy between assigning certain expenditures posted to M&O 
Expenses rather than as capital expenditures. 
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
Operating Revenues 
Operating revenues are derived from four primary sources: parking, airlines (terminal rentals, landing fees 
and ground rent), rental cars, and concessions.  Parking is the largest source of Operating revenues, followed 
closely by revenues from airlines, which are realized through exclusive terminal space rentals, common use 
space rentals for baggage claim and terminal gate areas, and landing fees.  Rental cars and concessions 
make up the balance of the primary sources of revenues.  Additional revenues from operations are derived 
from ground rent of property and other income. 27 
 
As shown in the “Statement of Revenues, Expenses, and Changes in Net Assets” and “Schedule of 
Operating Revenues” tables above, revenues from operations increased from $22.90 million in fiscal year 
2018 to a $26.11 million in fiscal year 2019 (unaudited).  The increase is attributed to the 14.2% 
enplanement growth combined with increases in general aviation and cargo landed weight.  The key drivers 
that allowed for higher passenger growth are outlined below: 
• American Airlines added twice daily non-stop LaGuardia service on April 3, 2018 and twice daily 
seasonal service to Chicago O’Hare on June 7, 2018. 
• Frontier commenced service with the Jetport on July 10, 2018. 
• All signatory carriers (excluding JetBlue who switched to seasonal operations at the Jetport in fiscal 
year ending 2019) have increased flights and capacity.  The number of flights has increased by 5.65% 
and the number of seats increased 11.07% in the fiscal year end ing 2019.  The greatest increase of 
capacity in the fiscal year ending 2019 came from Frontier, whi ch through its new service 
commencement, added 89,758 outbound seats to the Jetport.  This was closely followed by American 
with 60,702 additional outbound seats in the fiscal year ending 2019. 
• In June 2019, United Airlines is expected to begin seasonal Saturday/Sunday non-stop service to 
Denver; daily non-stop seasonal service begins in June 2020. 
• In September 2019, Cape Air began year-round service between the Jetport and Boston. 
Parking revenues, which account for the largest share of non-airline revenues, increased in fiscal year 2019 
by 16.6%.  This was due to strong passenger growth and a parkin g rate increase from $12 to $14/day that 
went into effect in October 2018. 
Operating Expenses 
M&O Expenses are divided administ ratively into nine cost center s: Jetport administration, Jetport field, 
general aviation, fringe benefits, security, terminal, marketing, parking and the airfield deicing facility. 
Non-Operating Revenues and Expenses 
Non-operating revenues are comprised mainly of PFC Revenues and  interest earned on the Jetport’s cash 
reserves.  Non-operating expenses are comprised mainly of capit al asset retirement, interest expense and 
amortization of bond issue costs.   
Capital Contributions 
Capital contributions are the federal funds received by the Jetport for federal Airport Improvement Program 
(“AIP”) expenditures.  These funds are used for a variety of purposes including the reconstruction and 
rehabilitation of the Jetport’s main runway, security improveme nts, airfield lighting improvements, noise 
studies and the construction of a new general aviation apron.  
Annual Budget 
On May 20, 2019, the City Council approved the Jetport’s fiscal  year 2020 budget.  This budget reflects 
approximately $26.6 million in revenues and $18.4 million in M&O Expenses.    
PASSENGER FACILITY CHARGES  
Under the Aviation Safety and Capacity Expansion Act of 1990 (t h e  “ P F C  A c t ” ) ,  a s  m o d i f i e d  b y  t h e  
Wendell H. Ford Aviation Investment and Reform Act for the 21 st C e n t u r y ( “ A I R - 2 1 ” ) ,  th e  F A A  m a y 
authorize a public agency to impose PFCs of $1.00, $2.00, $3.00 , $4.00 or $4.50 on each qualifying 
passenger enplaned at any commercial service airport controlled  by the public agency, subject to certain 
limitations. PFCs are available to such public agencies to fina nce certain eligible airport-related projects 28 
 
that (i) preserve or enhance capacity, safety or security of the national air transportation system, (ii) reduce 
noise resulting from an airport which is part of such system or (iii) furnish opportunities for enhanced 
competition between or among air carriers.  An airport must app ly to the FAA for the authority to impose 
a PFC and for the authority to u se the PFCs collected for speci fic FAA-approved projects, and the airport 
may only impose the designated PFC until the authorized total a mount is collected.  Interest earnings on 
PFCs collected are included in the approved PFC collection amount.  Under certain circumstances, the FAA 
will approve collection of PFCs (“impose only” approval) before approval to spend the PFCs on approved 
projects (“use” approval) is granted.   Approval to both collec t and spend PFCs is referred to as “impose 
and use” approval. 
The City began collecting a $3.00 PFC in February 1994 and is currently authorized to impose and collect 
a $4.50 PFC.  Since the inception of the City’s PFC program, PFCs have been used to fund various projects 
at the Jetport including the Terminal Project; replacement, purchase and installation of terminal equipment, 
reconstruction of a terminal ramp, Jetport access road reconstruction and various planning projects.   
In 2010, the Jetport received from the FAA approval of PFC Appl ication #5 (“PFC #5”), with total PFC 
Revenues of $132,206,104 authorized for collection and use, to fund the principal, interest, and financing 
costs associated with the PFC-eligible portion of the cost of the project financed with proceeds of the Series 
2010 Bonds.  According to PFC #5, approximately 89% of the terminal expansion and 100% of the roadway 
and passenger loading bridge projects were PFC eligible.  There fore, of the $57.6 million in terminal 
expansion costs approximately $51.2 million was PFC-eligible an d approximately $3.6 million of the 
roadway and approximately $1.4 million of the passenger loading  bridge projects were PFC-eligible for a 
total of $56.1 million in PFC-eligible project costs.  The bala nce of the $132,206,104 is available to pay 
debt service on the Series 2010 Bonds.  As of December 31, 2012 , the City had collected approximately 
$6,665,000 in revenues and expe nded approximately $7,090,000 fo r PFC eligible projects.  Project costs 
that have not yet been funded with PFC Revenues, in the amount of $424,884, are due to differences in the 
timing of PFC collections and expenditures, and will be reimbur sed once PFC Revenues are collected.  If 
the amounts authorized to be collected have not been collected by the expiration dates, it is expected that 
the authorization to collect the PFCs will be extended. 
In addition to PFC #5, the Jetport filed and was approved for four previous applications for which all funds, 
in the consolidated amount of $35,579,763, have been expended and are no longer active. 
Although levied by the Jetport, PFCs are actually collected from airline passengers by the respective airline 
on behalf of the Jetport.  In the process of collecting PFCs, e ach airline is entitled to and does commingle 
the collected PFCs with other airline funds as well as deduct c arrier compensation of $0.11 per PFC 
collected. Airlines remit collected PFCs to the Jetport on a monthly basis.  The Jetport expects to file a PFC 
#6 application to fund PFC eligible projects in its 2020 – 2024  CIP (see “CAPITAL IMPROVEMENT 
PROGRAM” herein). 
Pursuant to the General Certificate, Revenues do not include PF C Revenues.  No assurance can be given 
that PFCs will actually be received in the amount or at the tim e contemplated by the Jetport. The amount 
of actual PFC Revenues collected, and the rate of collection, will vary depending on the actual levels of 
passenger enplanements at the Jetport. 
In addition, the FAA may terminate the Jetport’s ability to impose PFCs, subject to informal and formal 
procedural safeguards, if (1) the Jetport fails to use its PFC Revenues for approved projects in accordance 
with the FAA’s approval, the PFC Act or the regulations promulg ated thereunder, or (2) the Jetport 
otherwise violates the PFC Act or provisions of the Airport Noi se and Capacity Act of 1990 and its 
implementing regulations. Furthermore, no assurance can be give n that the Jetport’s authority to impose a 
PFC will not be terminated by Congress or the FAA, or that the PFC program will not be modified or 
restricted by Congress or the FAA so as to reduce PFC Revenues available to the Jetport. See “FACTORS 
AFFECTING JETPORT OPERATIONS AND REVENUES — Passenger Facility Charges.” 29 
 
FEDERAL GRANTS-IN-AID  
Federal legislation affects the grant funding that the Jetport receives from the FAA, the Jetport’s PFC 
Revenues, and the operational requirements imposed on the Jetpo rt.  In October 2018, the most recent 
authorization and funding for the FAA was approved under the FA A Reauthorization Act, which 
reauthorized the FAA for five years through 2023, at a cost of $97 billion and represents the longest funding 
authorization period for FAA programs since 1982. 
The AIP, which provides grants to airports for airport safety, capacity, security and environmental projects, 
is funded at $3.35 billion in mandatory funding for all five years, which continues AIP funding at the same 
level since 2012, when Congress last passed a FAA reauthorization.  Although the passenger facility charge 
cap of $4.50 per flight segment was not increased, the FAA Reau thorization Act included provisions to 
increase the flexibility of funds raised and reduce delays rela ted to project approval.  The AIP provides 
federal capital grants to support airport infrastructure throug h entitlement grants (determined by formulas 
based on passenger, cargo, and ge neral aviation activity levels ) and discretionary grants (allocated on the 
basis of specific set asides and the national priority ranking system).  The City is unable to predict the level 
of AIP funding at this time.  If there is a reduction in the amount of AIP grants awarded to the City for the 
Jetport, it could: (a) increase by a corresponding amount the c apital expenditures that the City would need 
to fund from other sources, (b) extend the timing to complete c ertain projects, or (c) reduce the scope of 
individual proposed projects or the overall program, or a combination of the foregoing. 
Over the years, the authorization and funding for the FAA and v arious components of its operations have 
not been consistently approved on a long-term basis.  In the pa st, the United States Congress has enacted 
continuing resolutions which provided temporary funding for the  FAA and its programs and the FAA 
endured a brief shutdown when a lapse in continuing authority t erminated funding for non-essential 
operations.  Failure of Congress to approve legislation reauthorizing the operating authority of the FAA, or 
adverse changes in the conditions placed on such authority, may  have an adverse impact on the Jetport's 
operations.  There can be no assurance that Congress will enact  and the President will sign a new 
comprehensive, long-term FAA reauthorization act when the FAA Reauthorization Act expires.  Failure to 
adopt such legislation could have a material, adverse impact on U.S. aeronautical operations and the Jetport, 
generally, as well as on the AIP grant program and other sources of federal funds. 
The U.S. Department of Transportation (“DOT”) classifies airpor ts as large, medium, small and non-hubs 
according to their share of the total enplaned passengers in the United States.  Large-hub airports enplane 
over 1.0%, medium-hub airports enplane between 0.25% and 0.9999%, small-hub airports enplane between 
0.05% and .2499% and non-hub airports enplane less than 0.05% of total enplaned passengers in the United 
States.  Pursuant to the PFC Act and AIR-21, annual federal pas senger entitlement grants to large- and 
medium-hub airports are reduced by 50% when a $3.00 PFC is imposed and reduced by 75% when a $4.50 
PFC is imposed.  Small- and non-hub airports are not required to reduce their passenger entitlement grants 
due to the collection of any PFC amount. As a result of the Jet port’s small hub classification by the DOT, 
the City is not required to reduce any federal passenger entitlement grants when collecting the $4.50 PFC. 
The Jetport anticipates that AIP grants will fund a portion of the CIP in the amount of approximately $25.2 
million through 2024, of which  $20.6 million are Entitlements a nd $4.6 million are Discretionary.  Since 
the beginning of federal fiscal year 2019, the amounts approved  for the Jetport pursuant to the AIP have 
totaled $6,785,505.  AIP funds are anticipated for 51.3% of the total funds budgeted under the CIP for 
federal fiscal years 2019 through 2024.  No assurance can be gi ven that federal grants-in-aid will actually 
be received in any amount or at any time contemplated by the Jetport.  30 
 
FACTORS AFFECTING JETPORT OPERATIONS AND REVENUES 
General 
The principal of and interest on the Series 2019 Bonds is payable pursuant to the Certificate solely from the 
Revenues, Funds and Accounts pledged as security for the Series 2019 Bonds, subject to the prior payment 
of M&O Expenses.  Receipt of revenues in amounts sufficient to make timely payment of M&O Expenses 
and principal of and interest on the Series 2019 Bonds is dependent upon a number of factors affecting the 
business of air transportation. 
In considering the matters set forth in this Official Statement, prospective investors should carefully review 
all investment considerations set forth throughout this Official Statement, and should specifically consider 
certain risks associated with the Series 2019 Bonds.  There follows a discussion of some, but not necessarily 
all, of the possible considerations and risks which should be carefully evaluated by prospective purchasers 
of the Series 2019 Bonds prior to purchasing any Series 2019 Bonds.  The Series 2019 Bonds may not be 
suitable investments for all persons.  Prospective purchasers should be able to evaluate the risks and merits 
of any investment in the Series 2019 Bonds and should confer with their own legal and financial advisors 
before considering a purchase of the Series 2019 Bonds. 
General Factors Affecting the Airline Industry 
General Factors Affecting Air Carrier Revenues .  The airline industry is highly cyclical and is 
characterized by intense competition, high operating and capital costs, and varying demand.  Passenger and 
cargo volumes are sensitive to general and local economic trend s, and passenger traffic can fluctuate with 
seasonal travel patterns.  The profitability of the airline ind ustry can change dramatically from quarter to 
quarter and from year to year. 
The revenues of both the Jetport and the airlines serving the Jetport can be materially affected by many 
factors including demand for air travel; airline bankruptcies a nd the application of federal and state 
bankruptcy and insolvency laws; airline service and cost compet ition; mergers, acquisitions, and closures; 
the price of air travel; the availability and cost of fuel; high fixed costs; high capital requirements; the cost 
and availability of financing; technological changes; national and international disasters and hostilities; the 
cost and availability of employees; strikes and other employee disruptions; the maintenance and 
replacement requirements of aircraft; the availability of route s and slots at various airports; congestion in 
the federal air traffic control system and at connecting hub ai rports; litigation liability; federal regulation; 
environmental risks and regulations; noise abatement concerns and regulation; and other risks. 
Recent agreements between the major airlines and their unionize d employees have resulted in increased 
labor costs.  According to Airlines for America, a trade organization representing the industry, U.S. airlines 
increased wages and benefits per full-time employee by 28% between 2013 and 2018.  Contributing to the 
increased costs is a shortage of qualified airline pilots resul ting from retirements and changed FAA 
qualification standards and duty and rest rules.  The pilot sho rtage has required the airlines to increase 
salaries and improve benefits to attract and retain qualified pilots. 
General Factors Affecting Airline Activity.  Numerous factors affect air traffic, generally, and air traffic at 
the Jetport, specifically.  Demand for air travel is influenced  by factors such as population; levels of 
disposable income; the nature, level and concentration of industrial and commercial activity in the Jetport’s 
air trade area; general economic conditions in the United State s; and the cost of air travel.   The cost of air 
travel is, in turn, affected by the number of airlines serving the Jetport and its principal O&D markets and 
the financial condition, cost st ructure, and hubbing strategies  of the airlines serving the Jetport.  The 
financial strength and stability of airlines serving the Jetpor t are key determinants of future airline service 
and traffic.  In addition, individual airline decisions regarding level of service at the Jetport will affect total 31 
 
enplanements.  No assurance can be given as to the levels of av iation activity that will be achieved by the 
Jetport.   
Financial Condition of Certain Airlines, Airline Consolidations, Mergers and Alliances  
Sluggish recovery from the 2008-2009 recession and historically  high fuel prices, among other things, 
resulted in airlines raising fares and adding new fees and surc harges while reducing capacity and the size 
of their fleets, as well as personnel.  In response to these co mpetitive pressures and other factors, the U.S. 
airline industry has continued to consolidate, significantly reducing the number of major airlines operating 
in the United States.  Since 2008, various airlines have merged  or consolidated, including Delta and 
Northwest; Republic Airways Holdings, Inc., Midwest Airlines, a nd Frontier Airlines; United and 
Continental; Southwest Airlines and AirTran Airways; and US Air ways and American Airlines.  It is 
possible the airlines serving the Jetport could further consolidate operations through  acquisition, merger 
alliances and code share sales strategies.  See “AVIATION ACTIVITY AT THE JETPORT – Historical 
Enplanements.”  The effect of this concentration is that only s ix major passenger carriers are Occupant 
Airlines under the Airline Agreem ents.  As a consequence, decis ions concerning future utilization of the 
Jetport have become more concentrated over time. While such mer gers have had an effect, the Jetport 
expects recent and future mergers will have little impact on re venues and landed weight at the Jetport. 
Future mergers or alliances among airlines operating at the Jetport, however, may result in fewer flights or 
decreases in gate utilization by one or more airlines.   
There is no assurance that the Jetport, despite a demonstrated level of airline service and operations, will 
continue to maintain such levels in the future. 
Cost, Availability and Price Volatility of Aviation Fuel 
The price of aviation fuel is a critical and uncertain factor affecting airline operating economics.  Fuel prices 
are particularly sensitive to worldwide political instability and economic uncertainty.  Aviation fuel prices 
will continue to affect airfares, passenger numbers, airline profitability, and the ability of airlines to provide 
service.  Airline operating economics will also be affected as regulatory costs are imposed on the airline 
industry as part of efforts to reduce aircraft emissions contributing to global climate change. 
Airline industry analysts hold differing views on how oil and a viation fuel prices may change in the near 
term, although, absent unforeseen disruptions, prices are expec ted to remain relatively low for some time.  
However, there is widespread agreement that fuel prices are likely to increase over the long term as global 
energy demand increases in the face of finite oil supplies that  are becoming more expensive to extract.  
Aviation fuel prices will continue to affect airfares, passenger numbers, airline profitability, and the ability 
of airlines to provide service.  Airline operating economics wi ll also be affected as regulatory costs are 
imposed on the airline industry as part of efforts to reduce aircraft emissions contributing to global climate 
change.  
In recent years, fuel prices have been relatively stable, partl y as a result of increased supply from U.S. 
domestic production, although political instability and conflicts in North Africa and the Middle East have 
contributed to volatility.  The City makes no representation wh ether fuel prices will continue relative 
stability or if volatility will increase.  
Airline Agreements 
Revenues may be affected by the ability of the Occupant Airline s, individually and collectively, to meet 
their respective obligations under the proposed airline agreements.  Pursuant to the proposed airline 
agreements between the City and each of the Occupant Airlines, each airline will pay rentals, fees and 
charges for such airline's use a nd occupancy of the Jetport ter minal, aprons and other airfield areas.  The 32 
 
Jetport’s airline agreements expired on May 19, 2016.  The Occu pant Airlines continue to operate under 
the holdover provisions of the expired airline agreements.  No assurance can be given concerning the 
outcome of the ongoing negotiations with respect to the terms o f the proposed airline agreements or the 
content of any new airline agreements with the Occupant Airlines.  Any reduction in revenues or change in 
the manner of assessing rentals, fees and charges could have an  adverse impact on the timely payment of 
principal of or interest on the Series 2019 Bonds.  See “AIRLINE AND OTHER REVENUE PRODUCING 
AGREEMENTS.” 
Air Travel Security, Public Health and Natural Disasters Concerns 
Concerns about the safety of airline travel and the effectivene ss of security precautions, particularly in the 
context of international hostilities and domestic and foreign terrorist attacks, may influence passenger travel 
behavior and air travel demand.  Travel behavior may be affected by anxieties about the safety of flying, 
the inconveniences and delays associated with more stringent security screening procedures, the potential 
exposure to severe illnesses (such as avian flu, SARS, Ebola and the Zika virus) and natural disasters (such 
as volcano eruptions, earthquakes and tsunamis), all of which c ould lead to the avoidance of airline travel 
or the use of alternate modes of transportation.   
Concerns about hostilities, terrorist attacks, other perceived security and public health risks, and associated 
travel restrictions also affect travel demand to and from parti cular international destinations. Beginning in 
March 2017, the Trump administration issued various orders seeking to restrict travel to the United States 
from certain countries, mainly in the Middle East and Africa. Following court challenges, in June 2018, the 
U.S. Supreme Court upheld the administration's most recent travel restrictions. As the restrictions are 
implemented, increased scrutiny by U.S. Customs and Border Protection may prevent or discourage some 
airline travel. 
Following the fatal crashes of B-737 MAX aircraft that are susp ected to have been caused by the 
malfunction of the aircraft's automated flight control system, all B-737 MAX aircraft were grounded in 
March 2019. Among North American airlines, Air Canada, American , Southwest, and United are being 
affected. At the time of the grounding, B-737 MAX aircraft acco unted for approximately 1.5% of U.S. 
airline seat capacity.  In fiscal year 2019, B-737 MAX aircraft are estimated to account for 1.03% of seat 
capacity at the Jetport. The grounding is expected to last several more months, however, the grounding has 
not caused significant numbers of flight cancellations at the J etport. It is expected that the grounding will 
last several months while the flight control system software is updated and approved by the FAA and pilot 
training is completed.  
Historically, airline travel demand has recovered after temporary decreases stemming from terrorist attacks 
or threats, hijackings, aircraft crashes, and other safety concerns. Provided that precautions by government 
agencies, airlines, and airport operators serve to maintain con fidence in the safety of commercial aviation 
without imposing unacceptable inconveniences for airline travel ers, future demand for airline travel at the 
Jetport will depend primarily on economic, not safety or security, factors. 
Effect of Bankruptcy on Airline Agreements 
The profitability of the airline industry has varied significantly in recent years.  As a result, many air carriers 
have declared or have been threatened with bankruptcy.  In the event of bankruptcy proceedings involving 
one or more of the Occupant Airlines, the debtor airline or its bankruptcy trustee must determine within a 
time period determined by the bankruptcy court whether to assum e or reject the applicable airline 
agreement.  In the event of assumption, the debtor would be required to cure any prior default and to provide 
adequate assurance of future performance under the relevant agreement.  Rejection of an airline agreement 
by any of such airlines would give rise to an unsecured claim of the City for damages, the amount of which 
may be limited by the Bankruptcy Code. 33 
 
There can be no prediction at this time of any material adverse effect which any such consolidation, merger, 
alliance, combination or other arrangement may have on air travel demand at the Jetport. 
General Information Concerning the Airlines 
The securities of many of the Occupant Airlines, or their respe ctive parent corporations, are registered on 
a national securities exchange and are subject to the informati on reporting requirements of the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and in accordance therewith file reports and other information with the 
Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”).  Certain information, including financial information, 
concerning such airlines, or their respective parent corporatio ns, is disclosed in certain reports and 
statements filed with the SEC. Such reports and statements can be inspected and copied at the Public 
Reference Room of the SEC at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, DC 20549 upon payment of prescribed rates. 
T h e  S E C  m a i n t a i n s  a  w e b  s i t e  a t  http://www.sec.gov containing reports, proxy statements and other 
information regarding registrants that file electronically with the SEC. In addition, each airline is required 
to file periodic reports of financial and operation statistics with the U.S. Department of Transportation (the 
“DOT”).  Information from such reports can be accessed at the DOT’s Office of the Assistant Secretary for 
Research and Technology, Bureau of Transportation Statistics web site at http://www.transtats.bts.gov. 
The City makes no representation as to the financial condition of any airline serving the Jetport. 
Concession Revenues 
Revenues from concessions at the Jetport are provided principal ly from parking, rental car and terminal 
retail operations, including restau rant, news and advertising. Because concessions primarily serve airline 
passengers, revenues from concessions are affected by many of the factors that impact airlines. 
Costs of Capital Improvement Program and Schedule 
The purpose of the CIP is to provide for the orderly constructi on, expansion and improvement of Jetport 
facilities which enhance Jetport operations and revenues.  The estimated costs of, and the projected schedule 
for completion of, the CIP are, however, subject to a number of uncertainties.  The ability of the Jetport to 
complete the CIP may be adversely affected by various factors including, but not limited to: (1) estimating 
errors, (2) design and engineering errors, (3) changes to the s cope of the capital improvements, (4) delays 
in contract awards, (5) material and/or labor shortages, (6) un foreseen site conditions, (7) adverse weather 
conditions, (8) contractor defaults, (9) labor disputes, (10) unanticipated levels of inflation, (11) litigation, 
(12) delays in permitting, and (13) environmental issues.  No a ssurance can be given that the CIP will not 
cost more than is currently estimated.  Any schedule delays or cost increases could result in the need to 
issue additional indebtedness and may result in increased costs  per enplaned passenger to the airlines 
utilizing the Jetport. 
Construction of large projects at airports also involves the ri sk of disruption of ongoing operations and a 
resultant reluctance on the part of passengers and airlines to use the Jetport.  The Jetport has taken, and will 
continue to take, steps to minimize the impact of construction at the Jetport and does not believe that air 
traffic will be reduced because of implementation of the CIP. 
Government Regulation 
Environmental Regulation .  The FAA has jurisdiction over flying operations generally, in cluding 
personnel, aircraft, ground facilities and other technical matt ers, as well as certain environmental matters.  
All aircraft using the Jetport comply with the noise control requirements of the Airport Noise and Capacity 
Act of 1990. 34 
 
In addition, under the Clean Air Act of 1970, the Environmental Protection Agency was given authority to 
promulgate aircraft emission standards.  Consequently, the potential for additional regulation exists. 
Airport Security.  On November 19, 2001, the Avi ation and Transportation Securi ty Act (the “Aviation 
Security Act”) became law.  The Aviation Security Act provided, among other things, for the establishment 
of the TSA.  Under the Aviation Security Act, the provision of airport security is administered by the federal 
government through TSA.  The Aviation Security Act also permits  the deployment of air marshals on all 
flights and requires deployment of air marshals on all “high risk” flights.  The airlines provide a portion of 
the cost of the federal security service.  The Aviation Security Act also provides for a passenger fee of $2.50 
for each flight segment, not to exceed $5.00 per one-way trip, which is to be used by the federal government 
to help defray the cost of the TSA. 
Like many other airport operators, the Jetport experienced incr eased M&O Expenses due to compliance 
with federally mandated and ot her security and operating requir ements.  The airlines and the federal 
government are primarily responsible for, and will bear most of  the costs associated with, implementing 
security measures.  To the extent such security costs are not c overed by federal monies or the airlines, the 
Jetport is responsible for any such costs.  The Jetport continues to follow and implement security initiatives 
based on the policy and guidelines established by the TSA.  The Jetport is currently in compliance with all 
federally mandated security requirements. See “CAPITAL IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM”. 
Cybersecurity. 
Similar to other large organizations, the City and the airlines rely on electronic systems and technologies 
to conduct operations.  There have been numerous attempts to ga in unauthorized access to electronic 
systems of large organizations for the purposes of misappropriating assets or personal, operational, financial 
or other sensitive information, or causing operational disrupti on.  These attempts, which are increasing, 
include highly sophisticated efforts to electronically circumve nt security measures or freeze assets as well 
as more traditional intelligence gathering aimed at obtaining i nformation necessary to gain access.  The 
City maintains a security posture designed to deter cyber-attacks, and is committed to deterring attacks on 
its electronic systems and responding to such attacks to minimize their impact on operations.  However, no 
assurances can be given that the City's security measures will prevent cyberattacks, and no assurances can 
be given that any cyber-attacks, if successful, will not have a  material adverse effect on the operations or 
financial condition of the City. 
Growth of Transportation Network Companies 
A significant source of non-airline revenues is generated from ground transportation activity, including use 
of Jetport parking facilities, rental car transactions, trip fees paid by taxi, limousine, and transportation 
network companies such as Uber and Lyft (“TNCs”) that connect paying passengers with drivers who 
provide the transportation using their own commercial and non-commercial vehicles.  The relative market 
share of these sources of revenue is shifting.  As an example, the popularity of TNCs has increased because 
of the increasing number of cities where TNCs operate, the othe r technological innovations in ground 
transportation, convenience of requesting a ride through a mobile application, the ty to pay for this service 
without providing cash or other payment to the hired driver and competitive pricing. 
In 2019, the City introduced rule-making ordinances pertaining to TNCs, which augmented surface 
transportation revenues at the Jetport.  Although it currently does not appear that TNCs have had a 
significant effect on revenues generated through ground transportation, it is possible that further growth in 
and use of TNCs may have a material adverse impact on the City’ s parking revenues which may or may 
not be replaced by revenues from the City’s agreements with TNCs. 
  35 
 
Technological Innovations in Ground Transportation 
New technologies (such as autonomous vehicles and connected vehicles) and innovative business strategies 
in established markets such as commercial ground transportation and car rental may continue to occur and 
may result in further changes in Jetport passengers’ choice of ground transportation mode.  While the Jetport 
makes every effort to anticipate demand shifts, there may be ti mes when the Jetport’s expectations differ 
from actual outcomes.  In such event, revenue from one or more ground transportation modes may be lower 
than expected.  The Jetport cannot predict with certainty what impact such new technologies, innovations 
in ground transportation or new business strategies will have over time on revenues from non-airline sources 
such as parking, rental cars and other ground transportation services. 
Passenger Facility Charges  
Termination of PFCs.  The Jetport’s legal authority to impose and use PFCs is subject to certain terms and 
conditions provided in the PFC Act, AIR-21, regulations promulgated in connection with the PFC Act and 
AIR-21 (collectively, the “PFC Regulations”), and each PFC application. If the Jetport fails to comply with 
these requirements, the FAA may take action to terminate or to reduce the Jetport's legal authority to impose 
or to use PFCs. Some of the ev ents that could cause the Jetport  to violate these provisions are not within 
the Jetport's control. In addition, failure to comply with the provisions of certain federal noise pollution acts 
may lead to termination of the Jetport's authority to impose PFCs.  
Amendments to PFC Act or PFC Regulations .  There is no assurance that the PFC Act will not be 
repealed or amended or that the PFC Regulations or any PFC application will not be amended in a manner 
that would adversely affect the Jetport's ability to collect and use PFC Revenues in an amount sufficient to 
deposit available PFC Revenues for payment of principal and interest on the Series 2019 Bonds. 
Collection of the PFCs .  The ability of the Jetport to collect sufficient PFCs depend s upon a number of 
factors including the operation of the Jetport by its administr ative personnel, the use of the Jetport by the 
airlines which provide service at the Jetport (the “Collecting Carriers”), the efficiency and ability of the 
Collecting Carriers to collect and remit PFCs to the Jetport and the number of enplanements at the Jetport. 
The Jetport relies upon the Collecting Carriers' collection and remittance of PFCs, and both the Jetport and 
the FAA rely upon the airlines' reports of enplanements and collection statistics.  
If the numbers of enplaned passengers at the Jetport are signif icantly below the numbers forecast in 
projecting annual PFC Revenues, if the collection fees retained by the Collecting Carriers are increased or 
if the PFC Act is amended, the amount of PFC Revenues actually collected by the Jetport each year will be 
less than the amount projected.   
Accordingly, available PFC Revenues may be less than the amount sufficient to enable the Jetport to pay 
the principal of and interest on the Series 2010 Bonds.  In such event other revenues would be required to 
pay debt service on the Series 2010 Bonds.  On the other hand, if the number of annual enplanements is 
higher than initially projected or if the rate of PFCs is increased above the level described under the heading 
“PASSENGER FACILITY CHARGES”, the Jetport will collect PFC Revenues faster than initially 
forecast.  The Jetport will have to manage its PFC program care fully in such event and balance its 
expenditures with its collecting rates to ensure that sufficient PFC Revenues will be available in later years 
to pay debt service attributable to the Series 2010 Bonds. 
Secondary Market 
No assurance can be given concerning the existence of any secon dary market in the Series 2019 Bonds or 
its creation or maintenance by the underwriter of the Series 2019 Bonds, UBS Financial Services, Inc.  36 
 
Thus, purchasers of Series 2019 Bonds should be prepared, if ne cessary, to hold their Series 2019 Bonds 
until their respective maturity dates. 
Limitations on Remedies 
The Series 2019 Bonds are not subject to acceleration under any circumstances or for any reason, including 
without limitation on the occurrence or continuance of any Even t of Default.  Upon the occurrence or 
continuation of an Event of Default, the City would be liable o nly for principal and interest payments on 
the Series 2019 Bonds as they come due.  In addition, the Series 2019 Bonds are payable solely from 
revenues.  Under certain circumstances, holders of the Series 2019 Bonds may not be able to pursue certain 
remedies or enforce covenants contained in the General Certificate. 
The remedies available to the holders of the Series 2019 Bonds upon an Event of Default are in many 
respects dependent upon judicial actions which are often subjec t to discretion and delay.  Under existing 
constitutional and statutory law and judicial decisions, includ ing specifically Title 11 of the United States 
Code (the federal bankruptcy code), the remedies specified by the General Certificate and the Series 2019 
Bonds may not be readily available or may be limited. 
LITIGATION AND PROCEEDINGS 
There is no litigation pending or threatened which seeks to res train or enjoin the sale, execution, issuance 
or delivery of the Series 2019 Bonds or in any way contests the validity of the Series 2019 Bonds or any 
proceedings of the City taken with respect to the authorization, sale, execution, issuance or delivery of the 
Series 2019 Bonds or the pledge or application of any moneys pr ovided to pay, or to secure the payment 
of, debt service on the Series 2019 Bonds when due in accordance with the Certificate.  The City is involved 
in various lawsuits arising in the ordinary course of operations of the Jetport.  Although the outcome of all 
existing claims is not presently determinable, the City estimates that the outcome of these matters (taking 
into account existing accruals for probable losses for such cla ims and insurance coverage) will not 
materially affect the financial position of the Jetport or the City’s ability to pay debt service on the Series 
2019 Bonds. 
TAX MATTERS 
The Series 2019 Bonds 
The Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), imp oses certain requirements that must be 
met on a continuing basis subsequent to the issuance of the Series 2019 Bonds in order that interest on the 
Series 2019 Bonds be and remain excludable from gross income fo r federal income tax purposes pursuant 
to Section 103 of the Code.  These requirements include, but are not limited to, requirements relating to the 
use, investment and expenditure of bond proceeds and the requir ement that certain earnings be rebated to 
the federal government.  Failure of the City to comply with suc h requirements may cause interest on the 
Series 2019 Bonds to be included in the gross income of the holders thereof for purposes of federal income 
taxation retroactive to the date of issuance of the Series 2019  Bonds, regardless of when such non-
compliance occurs or is ascertained. 
In its Tax Matters Certificate delivered concurrently with the delivery of the Series 2019 Bonds, the City 
will make certain representations with respect to the use, expenditure and investment of the proceeds of the 
Series 2019 Bonds and the use of the Projects and will (i) cove nant to comply with requirements of the 
Code applicable to the Series 2019 Bonds to assure that the int erest paid on the Series 2019 Bonds is and 
remains excludable from gross income for federal income tax purposes pursuant to Section 103 of the Code, 
except for interest on any Series 2019 Bond during any period w hile it is held by a person who is a 
“substantial user” of the project financed by the Series 2019 Bonds or a “related person” within the meaning 
of Section 147(a) of the Code and (ii) covenant not to take any action or permit any action that would cause 37 
 
the interest paid on the Series 2019 Bonds to be included in gr oss income for purposes of federal income 
taxation pursuant to Section 103 of the Code. 
In the opinion of Bond Counsel and in reliance on the representations of the City and assuming compliance 
with the City’s compliance with the Tax Matters Certificate and  the Code, under existing statutes, 
regulations and court decisions interest on the Series 2019 Bon ds is excludable from the gross income of 
the owners of the Series 2019 Bonds for federal income tax purposes pursuant to Section 103 of the Code 
except for interest on any Series 2019 Bond during any period w hile it is held by a person who is a 
“substantial user” of the project financed by the Series 2019 Bonds or a “related person” within the meaning 
of Section 147(a) of the Code..  In addition, such interest is not an item of tax preference under the Code  
 
Exemption of Interest on the Series 2019 Bonds from Taxation Within the State of Maine 
In the opinion of Bond Counsel, pursuant to 30-A MRSA §5413, the Series 2019 Bonds, and their transfer 
and the income from the Series 2019 Bonds, including the intere st paid on the Series 2019 Bonds and any 
profit made on the sale of the Series 2019 Bonds, is free from taxation within the State of Maine.   
Not Designated as Qualified Tax-Exempt Obligations 
The City will not designate the Series 2019 Bonds as “qualified tax-exempt obligations” fo r purposes of 
Section 265(b)(3) of the Code. 
Original Issue Discount 
 
Certain maturities of the Series 2019 Bonds ( “Discount Bonds”)  may be sold at an issue price that is less 
than the stated redemption price of Discount Bonds at maturity (excluding certain “qualified stated interest” 
that is unconditionally payable at least annually at prescribed rates).  The difference between the issue price 
at which each of Discount Bonds is sold and the stated redempti on price at maturity (excluding certain 
“qualified stated interest” that is unconditionally payable at least annually at prescribed rates) of each of 
Discount Bonds constitutes original issue discount (“OID”).  Pu rsuant to Section 1288 of the Code, OID 
on Discount Bonds accrues on the basis of economic accrual under a constant yield method, based on 
periodic compounding of interest over prescribed accrual periods using a compounding rate determined by 
reference to the yield on Discount Bonds, as applicable.  The basis of an initial purchaser of a Discount  
Bond acquired at the initial public offering price of Discount Bond will be increased by the amount of such 
accrued OID for purposes of determining gain or loss on the sal e, exchange, or  other disposition of such 
Bond.  Bond Counsel is of the opi nion that the appropriate port ion of the OID properly allocable to the 
original and each subsequent owner of Discount Bonds  will be t reated as interest excludable from gross 
income for federal income tax purposes pursuant to Section 103 of the Code to the same extent as stated 
interest on Discount Bonds .   
 
Prospective purchasers of Discount Bonds should consult their t ax advisors with respect to the 
determination for federal income tax purposes of the OID proper ly accruable with respect to Discount 
Bonds and the tax accounting treatment of accrued interest, and the state and local tax consequences of 
acquiring, holding, and disposing of Discount Bonds. 
 
Original Issue Premium 
 
Certain maturities of the Series 2019 Bonds may be sold at a purchase price in excess of the amount payable 
on such Bonds after the acquisition date (excluding certain “qualified stated interest” that is unconditionally 
payable at least annually at prescribed rates) ( “Premium Bonds  ”).  The excess, if any, of the tax basis of 
Premium Bonds to a purchaser (other than a purchaser who holds such Premium Bonds as inventory, stock 38 
 
in trade or for sale to customers in the ordinary course of bus iness) over the amount payable at maturity 
(excluding certain “qualified stated interest” that is unconditionally payable at least annually at prescribed 
rates) is amortizable bond premium, which is not deductible fro m gross income for federal income tax 
purposes.  Amortizable bond premium, as it amortizes, will reduce the owner’s tax cost of Premium Bonds 
used to determine, for federal income tax purposes, the amount of gain or loss upon the sale, redemption at 
maturity or other disposition of Premium Bonds.  Accordingly, a n owner of a Premium Bond may have 
taxable gain from the disposition of the Premium Bond, even tho ugh Premium Bond is sold, or disposed 
of, for a price equal to the owner’s original cost of acquiring  Premium Bond.  Bond premium amortizes 
over the term of Premium Bonds under the “constant yield method” described in regulations interpreting 
Section 1272 of the Code.   
 
Prospective purchasers of Premium Bonds should consult their tax advisors with respect to the calculation 
of the amount of bond premium which will be treated for federal income tax purposes as having amortized 
for any taxable year (or portion thereof) of the owner and with respect to other federal, state and local tax 
in connection with the acquisition, ownership, amortization of bond premium on, sale, exchange, or other 
disposition of Premium Bonds. 
Additional Federal Income Tax Consequences 
Prospective purchasers of the Series 2019 Bonds should be aware that ownership of, accrual or receipt of 
interest on or disposition of tax-exempt obligations, such as t he Series 2019 Bonds, may have additional 
federal income tax consequences for certain taxpayers, including, without limitation, taxpayers eligible for 
the earned income credit, recipients of certain Social Security  and certain Railroad Retirement benefits, 
taxpayers that may be deemed to have incurred or continued indebtedness to purchase or carry tax-exempt 
obligations, financial instituti ons, property and casualty insu rance companies, foreign corporations and 
certain S corporations.  Prospective purchasers of the Series 2 019 Bonds should consult their tax advisors 
with respect to the need to furnish certain taxpayer information in order to avoid backup withholding. 
The Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”) has an ongoing program  of auditing state and local government 
obligations, which may include randomly selecting bond issues for audit, to determine whether interest paid 
to the holders is properly excludable from gross income for fed eral income tax purposes.  It cannot be 
predicted whether the Series 2019 Bonds will be audited.  If an  audit is commenced, under current IRS 
procedures holders of the Series 2019 Bonds may not be permitted to participate in the audit process and 
the value and liquidity of the Series 2019 Bonds may be adversely affected.  
Changes in Federal Tax Law 
Tax legislation, administrative actions taken by tax authorities, or court decisions, whether at the federal or 
state level, may adversely affect the tax-exempt status of inte rest on the Series 2019 Bonds under federal 
or state law or otherwise prevent beneficial owners of the Series 2019 Bonds from realizing the full current 
benefit of the tax exempt status of such interest.  In addition, such legislation or actions (whether currently 
proposed, proposed in the future, or enacted) and such decision s could affect the market price or 
marketability of the Series 2019 Bonds.  Prospective purchasers of the Series 2019 Bonds should consult 
their tax and financial advisors regarding such matters. 
 
Opinion of Bond Counsel  
 
The legal opinion of the firm of Pierce Atwood LLP, of Portland, Maine, Bond Counsel (see Appendix B) 
will be furnished to the original purchaser of the Series 2019 Bonds.  The opinion will be dated and given 
on and will speak only as of the date of original delivery of the Series 2019 Bonds to the original purchaser 
of the Series 2019 Bonds.  
 39 
 
Extent of Opinion 
Bond Counsel expresses no opinion regarding any tax consequences of holding the Series 2019 Bonds other 
than its opinion with regard to (a) the exclusion of interest on the Series 2019 Bonds from gross income 
pursuant to Section 103 of the Code, except for interest on any  Series 2019 Bond during any period while 
it is held by a person who is a “substantial user” of the proje ct financed by the Series 2019 Bonds or a 
“related person” within the meaning of Section 147(a) of the Co de, (b) interest on the Series 2019 Bonds 
not constituting an item of tax preference pursuant to Section 57 of the Code and (c) the exemption of 
interest on the Series 2019 Bonds from taxation within the State.  The opinion of Bond Counsel represents 
Pierce Atwood’s judgment regarding the proper treatment of the interest paid on the Series 2019 Bonds for 
federal income tax purposes and is not binding on the Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”) or the courts, 
and is not a guarantee of results.  Furthermore, Bond Counsel cannot give and has not given any opinion or 
assurance about the future activities of the City or about the effect of changes to the Code, the applicable 
regulations, the interpretation thereof or the enforcement thereof by the IRS.  Prospective purchasers of the 
Series 2019 Bonds should consult their tax advisors with respec t to all other tax consequences (including 
but not limited to those described above) of holding the Series 2019 Bonds. 
DTC BOOK-ENTRY-ONLY SYSTEM 
The Depository Trust Company (“DTC”), New York City, NY, will a ct as securities depository for the 
Series 2019 Bonds.  The Series 2019 Bonds will be issued in ful ly-registered form registered in the name 
of Cede & Co. (DTC’s partnership nominee) or such other name as may be requested by an authorized 
representative of DTC.  One-fully registered certificate will be issued for each maturity of the Series 2019 
Bonds, each in the aggregate principal amount of such maturity, and each such certificate will be deposited 
with DTC.  
DTC, the world’s largest securities depository, is a limited-purpose trust company organized under the New 
York Banking Law, a “banking organization” within the meaning of the New York Banking Law, a member 
of the Federal Reserve System, a “clearing corporation” within the meaning of the New York Uniform 
Commercial Code, and a “clearing agency” registered pursuant to  the provisions of Section 17A of the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934. DTC holds and provides asset s ervicing for over 3.5 million issues of 
U.S. and non-U.S. equity issues, corporate and municipal debt issues, and money market instruments (from 
over 100 countries) that DTC’s participants (“Direct Participants”) deposit with DTC.  DTC also facilitates 
the post-trade settlement among Direct Participants of sales and other securities transactions in deposited 
securities, through electronic computerized book-entry transfer s and pledges between Direct Participants’ 
accounts.  This eliminates the need for physical movement of se curities certificates. Direct Participants 
include both U.S. and non-U.S. securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies, clearing 
corporations, and certain other organizations.  DTC is a wholly-owned subsidiary of The Depository Trust 
& Clearing Corporation (“DTCC”).  DTCC is the holding company for DTC, National Securities Clearing 
Corporation and Fixed Income Clearing Corporation, all of which are registered clearing agencies.  DTCC 
is owned by the users of its regulated securities.  Access to the DTC system is also available to others such 
as both U.S. and non-U.S. securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies, and clearing corporations 
that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a Direct Participant, either directly or indirectly 
(“Indirect Participants”).  DTC has a S&P Global Inc. rating of  AA+.  The DTC Rules applicable to its 
Participants are on file with the Securities and Exchange Commi ssion. More information about DTC can 
be found at www.dtcc.com.  
Purchases of securities deposited with DTC must be made by or t hrough Direct Participants, which will 
receive a credit for such secur ities on DTC’s records.  The ownership interest of each actual purchaser of 
each security deposited with DTC (“Beneficial Owner”) is in turn to be recorded on the Direct and Indirect 
Participants’ records.  Beneficial Owners will not receive written confirmation from DTC of their purchase.  
Beneficial 
Owners are, however, expected to receive written con firmations providing details of the 40 
 
transaction, as well as periodic statements of their holdings, from the Direct or Indirect Participant through 
which the Beneficial Owner entered into the transaction.  Transfers of ownership interests in securities 
deposited with DTC are to be accomplished by entries made on the books of Direct and Indirect Participants 
acting on behalf of Beneficial Owners.  Beneficial Owners will not receive certificates representing their 
ownership interests in securities deposited with DTC, except in the event that use of the book-entry system 
for such securities is discontinued. 
To facilitate subsequent transfers, all securities deposited by Direct Participants with DTC are registered in 
the name of DTC’s partnership nominee, Cede & Co., or such othe r name as may be requested by an 
authorized representative of DTC.  The deposit of securities with DTC and their registration in the name of 
Cede & Co. or such other DTC nominee do not affect any change i n beneficial ownership.  DTC has no 
knowledge of the actual Beneficial Owners of the securities dep osited with it; DTC’s records reflect only 
the identity of the Direct Participants to whose accounts such securities are credited, which may or may not 
be the Beneficial Owners.  The Direct and Indirect Participants will remain responsible for keeping account 
of their holdings on behalf of their customers. 
Conveyance of notices and other communications by DTC to Direct Participants, by Direct Participants to 
Indirect Participants, and by Direct Participants and Indirect Participants to Beneficial Owners will be 
governed by arrangements among them, subject to any statutory o r regulatory requirements as may be in 
effect from time to time.   Redemption noti ces shall be sent to DTC.  If less than all of a maturity is be ing 
redeemed, DTC’s practice is to determine by lot the amount of t he interest of each Direct Participant in 
such maturity to be redeemed. 
Neither DTC nor Cede & Co. (nor such other DTC nominee) will consent or vote with respect to securities 
deposited with it unless authorized by a Direct Participant in accordance with DTC’s MMI Procedures.  
Under its usual procedures, DTC mails an Omnibus Proxy to the issuer of such securities or its paying agent 
as soon as possible after the record date.  The Omnibus Proxy assigns Cede & Co.’s consenting or voting 
rights to those Direct Participants to whose accounts the securities are credited on the record date (identified 
in a listing attached to the Omnibus Proxy). 
Principal and interest payments on securities deposited with DT C will be made to Cede & Co., or such 
other nominee as may be requested by an authorized representati ve of DTC. DTC’s practice is to credit 
Direct Participants’ accounts upon DTC’s receipt of funds and c orresponding detail information from the 
issuer of such securities or its paying agent, on the payable date in accordance with their respective holdings 
shown on DTC’s records.  Payments by Participants to Beneficial  Owners will be governed by standing 
instructions and customary practices, as is the case with secur ities held for the accounts of customers in 
bearer form or registered in “street name,” and will be the responsibility of such Participant and not of DTC 
(nor its nominee), the issuer of such securities or its paying agent, subject to any statutory or regulatory 
requirements as may be in effect from time to time.  Payment of  principal and interest to Cede & Co. (or 
such other nominee as may be requested by an authorized represe ntative of DTC) is the responsibility of 
the issuer of such securities or its paying agent, disbursement  of such payments to Direct Participants will 
be the responsibility of DTC, and disbursement of such payments  to the Beneficial Owners will be the 
responsibility of Direct and Indirect Participants. 
DTC may discontinue providing its services as depository with r espect to securities held by it at any time 
by giving reasonable notice to the issuer of such securities or its paying agent.  Under such circumstances, 
in the event that a successor depository is not obtained, physi cal certificates are required to be printed and 
delivered to Beneficial Owners.  The City may decide to discontinue use of the system of book-entry-only 
transfers through DTC (or a successor securities depository).  In that event, physical certificates will be 
printed and delivered to Beneficial Owners.  The information in  this section concerning DTC and DTC’s 
book-entry system has been obtained from sources that the City believes to be reliable, but the City takes 
no responsibility for the accuracy thereof. 41 
 
CONTINUING DISCLOSURE 
In order to assist the underwriter of the Series 2019 Bonds in complying with the Securities Exchange 
Commission’s Rule 15c2-12 (the “Rule”), the City will covenant for the benefit of the owners of the Series 
2019 Bonds to provide certain financial information and operating data relating to the Rule by not later than 
270 days after the end of each fiscal year (the “Annual Report”) and, if not included in the Annual Report, 
the City’s annual audited financial statements promptly upon becoming available and to provide notices of 
the occurrence of certain enumerated events.  The covenants will be contained in a “Continuing Disclosure 
Agreement” (the “Agreement”), the proposed form of which is pro vided in Appendix D.  The Agreement 
will be executed by the signers of the Series 2019 Bonds, and incorporated by reference in the Series 2019 
Bonds.  Except as discussed below, the City has never failed to  comply in all material respects with any 
previous undertakings to provide financial information and oper ating data or notices of material events in 
accordance with the Rule.   
 
The following list displays recent financial and operating filings by the City: 
 
Financial  Filed With EMMA 
Statements  
Filing Date 
Days After Fiscal 
Period End FY ended June 30, 
2018 March 12, 2019 255 
2017 February 20, 2018 235 
2016 February 15, 2017 230 
2015 December 28, 2015 181 
2014 December 18, 2014 171 
 
Until the fiscal year ended June 30, 2011, the Jetport’s financial and operating data were included as part 
of the City’s Comprehensive Annua l Financial Report (“CAFR”).  Since the fiscal year ended June 30, 
2012, the Jetport published its financial statements as a department of, but separately from, the City.   
 
The following list displays recent financial and operating filings by the Jetport: 
 
Financial  Filed With EMMA 
Statements  
Filing Date 
Days After Fiscal 
Period End FY ended June 30, 
2018 March 12, 2019 255 
2017 March 2, 2018 245 
2016 July 1, 2017 366(1) 
2015 December 28, 2015 181 
2014 December18, 2014 171 
 
Notwithstanding the filing record above, in certain years the C ity’s audited financial statements were not 
linked in the MSRB’s EMMA system to specific outstanding issues of the City’s general obligation bonds.  
In addition, certain informational tables were not included in the City's continuing disclosure filing for 
2018.  Corrective postings and event filings were made on Octob er 22, 2019.  The City has established 
procedures ensure the required filings will be made timely on a going forward basis. 
 
NOTE: (1) While not filed separately under the Jetport’s CUSIP (736564) complete financial and operating filings of 
the Jetport are included in the City’s 2016 fiscal year’s finan cial and operating filings by the City that was 
filed on February 15, 2017 (Base CUSIP 736560). 
 
 42 
 
RATINGS 
The Series 2019 Bonds have been rated “Baa1” with a “Stable Out look” by Moody’s Investors Service 
(“Moody’s”) and “A-” with a “Stable Outlook” by S&P Global Rati ngs (“S&P” and, collectively, with 
Moody’s, the “Rating Agencies” and, individually, each a “Ratin g Agency”).  The City has furnished the 
Rating Agencies certain information and materials, some of whic h may not have been included in this 
Official Statement.  Generally, a Rating Agency bases any rating established by it on such information and 
materials and also on such investigations, studies and assumptions as it may undertake or establish 
independently.  Each rating reflects only the view of the Rating Agency which published it at the time such 
rating is assigned and is subject to revision or withdrawal, which could affect the market price of the Series 
2019 Bonds.  A Rating Agency should be contacted directly for its rating on the Series 2019 Bonds and for 
its explanation of such rating.  A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold the Series 2019 Bonds 
and such rating should be evaluated independently.  
Due to the ongoing uncertainty regarding the debts of the Unite d States of America, obligations issued by 
state and local governments in the United States, such as the Series 2019 Bonds, could be subject to a rating 
downgrade.  Additionally, if a significant default or other fin ancial crisis should occur in the affairs of the 
United States of America or of any of its agencies or political  subdivisions, then such event could also 
adversely affect the market for and ratings, liquidity, and mar ket value of outstanding state and local 
government debt obligations, including the Series 2019 Bonds. 
Except as set forth in the Continuing Disclosure Agreement set forth in Appendix D and referred to under 
“CONTINUING DISCLOSURE”, the City has not undertaken any respon sibility either to bring to the 
attention of the owners of the Series 2019 Bonds any proposed change in or withdrawal of any rating of the 
Series 2019 Bonds or to oppose any such change or withdrawal. 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
The audited financial statements of the Jetport for the years ended, June 30, 2018 and June 30, 2017, 
together with the report thereon dated February 25, 2019, as am ended on March 11, 2019, of Runyon 
Kersteen Ouellette, Certified P ublic Accountants (“RKO”) are in cluded herein as Appendix A.  The City 
has not requested the consent of RKO for the inclusion of the f inancial statements in Appendix A, nor has 
it been received. 
MUNICIPAL ADVISOR 
Moors & Cabot, Inc. is a Municipal Advisor registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission and 
the Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board and has acted as Muni cipal Advisor to the City in connection 
with the issuance of the Series 2019 Bonds pursuant to MSRB Rule G-23.  Moors & Cabot, Inc. does not 
intend to participate in an underwriting syndicate for the publ ic distribution of, the Series 2019 Bonds.  
Moors & Cabot, Inc. is not obligated to undertake, and has not undertaken, either to make an independent 
verification of, or to assume responsibility for, the accuracy,  completeness or fairness of the information 
contained in this Official Statement including the Appendices hereto. 
UNDERWRITING 
UBS Financial Services, Inc. (the “Underwriter”) has agreed to purchase the Series 2019 Bonds at an 
aggregate purchase price of $67,1 23,089.78, which purchase price reflects an underwriter’s discount of 
$303,770.87 from the initial public offering price of the Serie s 2019 Bonds and a net premium of 
$8,976,860.65.  The purchase contract relating to the Series 2019 Bonds provides that the Underwriter will 
purchase all of the Series 2019 Bonds, if any Series 2019 Bonds are purchased, the obligation to make such 
purchase being subject to certain terms and conditions set forth in the purchase contract.  The initial public 43 
 
offering prices may be changed, from time to time, by the Under writer.  The Underwriter may offer and 
sell the Series 2019 Bonds to certain dealers (including dealer s depositing Series 2019 Bonds into unit 
investment trusts, certain of which may be sponsored or managed by the Underwriter) and others at prices 
lower than the public offering prices stated on the inside front cover page hereof. 
The Underwriter has entered into a distribution and service agreement with its affiliate UBS Securities LLC 
(“UBS Securities”) for the distribution of certain municipal se curities offerings, including the Series 2019 
Bonds.  Pursuant to such agreement, the Underwriter would share  a portion of its underwriting 
compensation with respect to the Series 2019 Bonds with UBS Sec urities.  The Underwriter and UBS 
Securities are each subsidiaries of UBS Group AG. 
The Underwriter and its respective affiliates are full-service financial institutions engaged in various 
activities that may include securities trading, commercial and investment banking, municipal advisory, 
brokerage, and asset management.  In the ordinary course of bus iness, the Underwriter and its respective 
affiliates may actively trade debt and, if applicable, equity s ecurities (or related derivative securities) and 
provide financial instruments (which may include bank loans, cr edit support or interest rate swaps).  The 
Underwriter and its respective a ffiliates may engage in transac tions for their own accounts involving the 
securities and instruments made the subject of this securities offering or other offering of the City.  The 
Underwriter and its respective a ffiliates may make a market in credit default swaps with respect to 
municipal securities in the future.  The Underwriter and its re spective affiliates may also communicate 
independent investment recommendations, market color or trading ideas and publish independent research 
views in respect of this securities offering or other offerings of the City.   
VERIFICATION OF MATHEMATICAL COMPUTATIONS 
The arithmetical accuracy of certain computations included in c ertain schedules provided by the 
Underwriter on behalf of the City relating to the computation o f anticipated receipts of, principal of, and 
interest on the Defeasance Obligations and anticipated payments  of principal and interest to redeem the 
Refunded Bonds, was examined by Causey, Demgen & Moore P.C., ce rtified public accountants and 
consultants (the “Verification Ag ent”).  Such computations were  based solely upon assumptions and 
information supplied by the Underwriter, on behalf of the City.   The Verification Agent has restricted its 
procedures to examining the arithmetical accuracy of such computations and has not made any study or 
evaluation of the assumptions and information upon which such c omputations are based and, accordingly, 
has not expressed an opinion on the data used, the reasonablene ss of the assumptions, or the achievability 
of future events. 
LEGAL MATTERS 
Legal matters incident to the authorization, issuance, sale and delivery of the Series 2019 Bonds are subject 
to the approval of Pierce Atwood LLP, Portland, Maine, Bond Cou nsel to the City.  Certain legal matters 
will be passed on for the Underwriter by its counsel, Preti, Fl aherty, Beliveau & Pachios, LLP, Augusta, 
Maine.  Certain legal matters will be passed on for the Trustee by its counsel, Paparone Law, PLLC, New 
York City, New York. 
CUSIP IDENTIFICATION NUMBERS 
It is anticipated that CUSIP (an acronym that refers to Committ ee on Uniform Security Identification 
Procedures) identification numbers will be printed on the Serie s 2019 Bonds.  All expenses in relation to 
the printing of CUSIP numbers on the Series 2019 Bonds will be paid for by the City provided, however, 
that the City assumes no responsibility for any CUSIP Service Bureau charge or other charge that may be 
imposed for the assignment of such numbers. 
  44 
 
STATUTORY REFERENCES 
All quotations from and summaries and explanations of laws herein do not purport to be complete, and 
reference is made to said laws for full and complete statements of their provisions. 
MISCELLANEOUS 
Any statement in this Official Statement setting forth any opinion or estimate, whether or not expressly so 
stated, is intended as such and not as a representation of fact.  No representation is made that any such 
statement will be realized. The information, estimates and assu mptions and expressions of opinion in this 
Official Statement are subject to change without notice. Neither the delivery of this Official Statement nor 
any sale made pursuant to this Official Statement shall, under any circumstances, create any implication 
that there has been no change in the affairs of the Jetport since the date of this Official Statement, except as 
expressly stated. 
The execution and distribution of this Official Statement have been duly authorized by the City Council of 
the City. 
 
 
Dated: November 19, 2019 
 
CITY OF PORTLAND, MAINE 
 
 
 
 
By: /s/ Brendan T. O’Connell 
 Brendan T. O’Connell 
 Director of Finance 
 4474669.4 
APPENDIX A 
 
 
CITY OF PORTLAND, MAINE 
GENERAL AIRPORT REFUNDING REVENUE BONDS, SERIES 2019 (Non-AMT) 
(GREEN BONDS) 
AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE JETPORT 
 
 4474669.4 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[This page left intentionally blank.] 
 
Portland International Jetport 
(An Enterprise Fund of the City of Portland, Maine) 
Financial Statements 
For the years ended June 30, 2018 and 2017 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PORTLAND INTERNATIONAL JETPORT 
(An Enterprise Fund of the City of Portland, Maine)  
Financial Statements 
For the years ended June 30, 2018 and 2017 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 
  
  Statement Page 
    
Independent Auditor’s Report   
    
Statements of Net Position 1 1 
    
Statements of Revenues, Expenses, and Changes in Net Position 2 2 
    
Statements of Cash Flows 3 3 
   
Schedule of Revenues, Expenditures and Encumbrances -   
 Budget and Actual (Budget Basis) 4 4 
    
Notes to Financial Statements  5-14 
    
Supplementary Information: Schedule  
 Net Position and Changes in Net Position 1 15 
 Principal Revenue Sources and Revenues per Emplaned Passenger 2 16 
 Changes in Cash and Cash Equivalents 3 17 
 Revenue Rates 4 19 
 Ratios of Outstanding Debt, Debt Service, and Debt Limits 5 20 
 Pledged Revenue Coverage 6 21 
 Population in the Air Trade Area 7 22 
 Top 50 Private Employers in the Primary & Secondary Trade Area 8 23 
 Registered Students at Colleges & Universities in the Primary Trade 
   Area 
9 24 
 Jetport Employees 10 25 
 Schedule of Enplanement Data 11 26 
 Takeoff and Landing Operations Summary 12 27 
 Takeoff and Landing Operations by Airliner or Cargo Carrier 13 28 
 Airline Landed Weights (in thousands of pounds) 14 29 
 Primary Origin and Destination Passenger Markets 15 30 
 Capital Asset Information 16 31 
 
  
 
 
Certified Public Accountants and Business Consultants 
 
 
Independent Auditor's Report 
 
 
City Council 
City of Portland, Maine 
 
Report on the Financial Statements 
 
We have audited the accompanying financial stat ements of the Portland International Jetport, an 
enterprise fund of the City of Portland, Maine, as of and for the years ended June 30, 2018 and 2017 and 
the related notes to the financial statements as listed in the table of contents. 
 
Management’s Responsibility for the Financial Statements 
 
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of these financial statements in 
accordance with accounting principles generally accepted  in the United States of  America; this includes 
the design, implementation, and maintenance of int ernal control relevant to the preparation and fair 
presentation of financial statements that are free fro m material misstatement, whether due to fraud or 
error. 
 
Auditor’s Responsibility 
 
Our responsibility is to express op inions on these financial statements based on our audits.  We 
conducted our audits in accordan ce with auditing standards generally  accepted in the United States of 
America, and the standards applicable to financial audits contained in Government Auditing Standards, 
issued by the Comptroller General of the United St ates.  Those standards require that we plan and 
perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance ab out whether the financial statements are free from 
material misstatement. 
 
An audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the amounts and disclosures in 
the financial statements.  The procedures selected d epend on the auditor’s judgment, including the 
assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or 
error.  In making those risk assessments, the audito r considers internal control relevant to the entity’s 
preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in order to design audit procedures that 
are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the 
effectiveness of the Portland Internation al Jetport‘s internal control.  Accordingly, we  express no such 
opinion.  An audit also includes evaluating the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the 
reasonableness of significant accounting estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the 
overall presentation of the financial statements.  
 
 
City Council 
City of Portland, Maine 
Page 2 
 
 
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is  sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for 
our audit opinions. 
 
Opinions 
 
In our opinion, the financial statements referred to ab ove present fairly, in all material respects, the 
respective financial position of the Portland Internati onal Jetport as of June 30, 2018 and 2017 and 
respective changes in financial position and cash fl ows thereof and the budgetary comparison for the 
Portland International Jetport for the years then ended in accordance with accounting principles 
generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
Emphasis of Matter 
 
As described in the notes, the financial statements of the Portland International Jetport are intended to 
present the financial position, the changes in financ ial position, and cash flows of only that portion of, 
the business-type activities, each major fund, and the a ggregate remaining fund information of the City 
of Portland, Maine that is attributable to the transactions of the Jetport.  They do not purport to, and do 
not present fairly the financial position of the City of  Portland, Maine as of June 30, 2018 and 2017, the 
changes in its financial position, or where ap plicable, its cash flows for the years then ended in 
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.  Our opinion is 
not modified with respect to this matter. 
 
Other Matters 
 
Other Information 
 
Our audit was conducted for the purpose of forming opinions on the Jetport’s financial statements.  The 
schedules (schedules 1-16) are presented for purposes of additional analysis and are not a required part 
of the financial statements. 
 
The schedules have not been subjected to the auditing pr ocedures applied in the au dit of the financial 
statements, and accordingly, we do not express an opinion or provide any assurance on them.  
 
 
 
February 25, 2019, except for the note pertaining to debt service coverage ratio on page 12, as to which 
the date is March 11, 2019 
South Portland, Maine 
 
1  
Statem ent 1
PORTLAND INTERNATIONAL JETPORT
(An Enterprise Fund of the City of Portland, Maine)
Statements of Net Position
June 30, 2018 and 2017
2018 2017
Restated
ASSETS
Current assets:
Cash and cash equivalents 19,104,659$             20,494,460$             
Accounts receivable 3,334,538                 3,153,473                 
Allowance for uncollectible accounts (28,000)                     (69,600)                     
Due from other governments 5,316,371                 6,205,738                 
Inventories 354,183                    326,859                    
Prepaid expenses 1,329,681                 1,392,217                 
Total current assets 29,411,432$             31,503,147$             
Noncurrent assets:
Restricted cash and cash equivalents 15,267,425$             14,596,974$             
Capital assets:
Land 13,313,235               13,313,235               
Buildings and improvements 177,807,154             176,685,060             
Improvements other than buildings 136,924,191             129,239,510             
Machinery and equipment 16,751,537               18,544,479               
Construction in progress 3,142,365                 5,918,934                 
Less accumulated depreciation (169,148,840)            (162,086,714)            
Net capital assets 178,789,642$           181,614,505$           
Total noncurrent assets 194,057,067$           196,211,479$           
Total assets 223,468,498$           227,714,625$           
DEFERRED OUTFLOWS OF RESOURCES
Deferred outflows of pension resources 464,469$                  1,148,911$               
Deferred outflows of other postemployment benefits 8,358                        3,906                        
Deferred outflows of refunding bonds 1,312,035                 1,423,413                 
Total deferred outflows of resources 1,784,862$               2,576,230$               
LIABILITIES
Current liabilities:
Accounts payable 2,669,544$               2,447,260$               
Accrued liabilities 3,200,712                 3,208,145                 
Current portion of long-term debt 3,637,213                 3,202,897                 
Compensated absences 260,762                    274,673                    
Claims and judgments 233,030                    91,355                      
Total current liabilities 10,001,261$             9,224,329$               
N oncurrent liabilities:
Long-term debt due in more than one year 115,594,834             119,939,684             
Total noncurrent liabilities 115,594,834$           119,939,684$           
Total liabilities 125,596,095$           129,164,013$           
DEFERRED INFLOWS OF RESOURCES
Deferred inflows of pension resources 174,557$                  161,165$                  
Deferred inflows of other postemployment benefits 62,330                      -$                              
Total deferred inflows of resources 236,887$                  161,165$                  
NET POSITION
Net investment in capital assets 80,751,952$             76,066,253$             
Restricted for:
Operating maintenance 4,504,408                 4,245,032                 
Unrestricted 14,164,018               20,654,393               
Total net position 99,420,378$             100,965,677$           
See accompanying notes to financial statements. 
2 
 
Statement 2
PORTLAND INTERNATIONAL JETPORT
(An Enterprise Fund of the City of Portland, Maine)
Statements of Revenues, Expenses, and Changes in Net Position
For the years ended June 30, 2018 and 2017
2018 2017
Restated
Operating revenues:
Charges for services 22,896,385$           21,934,310$           
Total operating revenues 22,896,385$           21,934,310$           
Operating expenses:
Personnel services 5,237,079$             5,249,386$             
Contractual services 7,453,281               6,814,606               
Supplies and materials 825,813                  807,642                  
Rentals 18,759                    14,686                    
Utilities 1,371,558               1,391,041               
Maintenance 2,728,300               1,798,495               
Depreciation 9,025,634                8,915,723               
Insurance 100,229                  104,169                  
Total operating expenses 26,760,654$           25,095,747$           
Operating income (loss) (3,864,269)$            (3,161,437)$            
Nonoperating revenues (expenses):
Passenger facility charges 4,081,370$             3,742,493$             
Loss on disposal of property (66,975)                   (1,057)                     
Interest and other revenue 378,399                  109,860                  
Interest and other expenses (5,144,424)              (5,151,332)              
Total nonoperating revenues (expenses) (751,630)$               (1,300,036)$            
Income (loss) before contributions (4,615,899)$            (4,461,473)$            
Capital contributions 3,070,600               5,097,942               
Change in net position (1,545,299)$            636,469$                
Net position, beginning of year, as restated 100,965,677$         100,329,208$         
Net position, end of year 99,420,378$           100,965,677$         
See accompanying notes to financial statements. 
3 
 
Statem ent 3
PORTLAND INTERNATIONAL JETPORT
(An Enterprise Fund of the City of Portland, Maine)
Statements of Cash Flows
For the years ended June 30, 2018 and 2017
2018 2017
Cash flows from operating activities:
Receipts from customers and users 22,882,943$   21,848,595$   
Payments to suppliers (12,301,754)   (9,202,376)     
Payments to employees (5,220,138)     (5,060,016)     
Net cash provided by operating activities 5,361,051$     7,586,203$     
Cash flows from capital and related financing activities:
Contributed capital 4,026,696$     279,881$        
Passenger facility charges 3,932,286       3,742,493       
Proceeds from sale of refunding bonds -                     24,155,671     
Acquisition and construction of capital assets (6,012,992)     (5,841,675)     
Principal paid on bond maturities (2,700,000)     (1,095,000)     
Refunded bonds defeased -                     (24,609,699)   
Interest payments on long-term debt (5,577,922)     (5,522,771)     
Net cash used by capital and related financing activities (6,331,932)$   (8,891,100)$   
 Cash flows from investing activities: 
Interest income 251,531$        109,860$        
Net cash provided by investing activities 251,531$        109,860$        
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents (719,350)$      (1,195,034)$   
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 35,091,434     36,286,467     
Cash and equivalents, at end of year (including $15,267,425
and $14,596,974, respectively, reported in restricted accounts) 34,372,084$   35,091,434$   
Reconciliation of operating loss to net cash provided by operating activities:
Operating loss (3,864,269)$   (3,161,437)$   
Adjustments to reconcile operating loss to net cash
provided by operating activities:
Depreciation 9,025,634        8,915,723       
Change in deferred inflows and outflows-pension 52,318            158,308          
Change in deferred inflows and outflows-OPEB (4,243)            249,106          
Change in operating assets and liabilities:
Accounts receivable (73,582)          (38,143)          
Due from other governments 60,140            (47,573)          
Prepaid expenses 62,536            62,535            
Inventories (27,324)          (18,724)          
Accounts payable (28,775)          1,536,781       
Accrued liabilities 30,852            (53,622)          
Compensated absences (13,910)          (6,113)            
Claims and judgments 141,675          (10,638)          
Total adjustments 9,225,321$     10,747,640$   
Net cash provided by operating activities 5,361,051$     7,586,203$     
Noncash investing, capital, and financing activities:
Disposal of capital assets 2,030,485$     284,127$        
Accumulated depreciation on capital assets dispositions 1,963,509       283,066          
See accompanying notes to financial statements. 
4 
 
Statem ent 4
Actual Amounts Variance with
Original Final (Budget Basis) Final Budget
Revenues
  Charges for services 22,575,684$      22,575,684$      22,896,230$      320,546$           
  Intergovernmental revenue 116,800             116,800             126,868             10,068               
  Interest and other revenue 175,000             175,000             260,170             85,170               
    Total revenues 22,867,484$      22,867,484$      23,283,268$      415,783$           
Expenditures and encumbrances
  Personnel services 5,345,069$        5,357,360$        4,995,203$        362,157$           
  Administrative services 1,539,303          1,551,208          671,648             879,560             
  Contractual services 4,816,376          4,859,620          4,931,720          (72,100)              
  Maintenance and repairs 1,098,530          1,102,457          1,260,828          (158,371)            
  Rentals 64,775               50,139               18,759               31,380               
  Insurance 174,100             174,100             128,944             45,156               
  Supplies and materials 833,118             895,035             825,813             69,222               
  Minor capital items 8,000                 8,000                 -                         8,000                 
  Utilities 1,417,126          1,408,574          1,371,558          37,016               
  Contributions 1,658,733          1,658,733          1,692,090          (33,357)              
  Capital outlay 1,773,066          1,662,970          1,783,792          (120,822)            
  Debt service 4,139,288          4,139,288          4,139,288          1                        
    Total expenditures and
      encumbrances 22,867,484$      22,867,484$      21,819,643$      1,047,842$        
Excess (deficiency) of revenues
  over (under) expenditures and
  encumbrances -$                       -$                       1,463,625$        1,463,625$        
Reconciliation from budgetary basis to GAAP basis:
Other
Financing
Revenues Expenditures Sources (Uses)
Statement of Revenues, Expenses, and
  Changes in Net Position, Statement 2 27,356,154$      31,972,053$      3,070,600$        
Capital contributions and reimbursements -                         -                         (3,070,600)         
Passenger facility charges (4,081,370)         -                         -                         
Unbudgeted revenues 8,484                 -                         -                         
Losses on disposal of assets -                         (66,975)              -                         
Change in workers compensation liability -                         (165,086)            -                         
Change in allowance for doubtful accounts -                         41,600               -                         
Capital expenditures expensed over useful life -                         (38,664)              -                         
Bond issuance costs expensed with debt maturities -                         (173,913)            -                         
Depreciation charges not budgeted -                         (9,025,634)         -                         
Pension charges not budgeted -                         (52,318)              -                         
OPEB charges not budgeted -                         4,243                 -                         
Debt service paid by passenger facility charges -                         (3,260,013)         -                         
Accrued interest on bonds -                         544,876             -                         
Bond principal payments -                         1,710,000          -                         
FY18 encumbrances -                         329,473             -                         
Statement of Revenues, Expenditures, and Encumbrances -
    Budget and Actual (Budget Basis), Statement 4 23,283,268$      21,819,643$      -$                       
PORTLAND INTERNATIONAL JETPORT
For the Year Ended June 30, 2018
Budgeted Amounts
Schedule of Revenues, Expenditures, and Encumbrances
(An Enterprise Fund of the City of Portland, Maine)
Budget and Actual (Budget Basis) 
5 
PORTLAND INTERNATIONAL JETPORT 
(An Enterprise Fund of the City of Portland, Maine) 
Notes to Financial Statements 
June 30, 2018 and 2017 
 
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
Reporting Entity  - The Portland International Jetport (J etport) is a quasi-municipal corporation 
purchased by the City of Portland (City) in 1 936.  Like many community airports, the Portland 
International Jetport had its beginnings as a flying fa n’s private field.  The Jetport currently serves over 
1.8 million passengers a year, se rved by five major airlines. These include:  American, Delta, JetBlue, 
Southwest, and United.  The Jetport primarily serves southern Maine and its revenue is produced mainly 
through contracts and leases.   
The Jetport operates as a department of the City of Portland, Maine, the financial statements of which 
have been issued in a separate report dated February 25, 2019 for the year ended June 30, 2018. 
These financial statements present only the Jetport’s operations and are not intended to present fairly the 
financial position and results of operations of the City of Portland, Maine in conformity with accounting 
principles generally accepted in the United States of America.  Certain disclosure s relevant to both the 
City of Portland, Maine and the Jetport are omitted  herein and have been disclosed in the City’s basic 
financial statements.   
Measurement Focus and Basis of Accounting  - The accounting and financial reporting treatment is 
determined by the appli cable measurement focus and basis of accounting. Measurement focus indicates 
the type of resources being measur ed.  The basis of accounting indi cates the timing of  transactions or 
events for recognition in the financial statements. The Portla nd International Jetport’s financial 
statements are reported using the economic resources measurement focus  and the accrual basis of 
accounting. Revenues are recorded when earned and ex penses are recorded when a liability is incurred 
regardless of the timing of related  cash flows.  Grants and sim ilar items are recog nized as revenue as 
soon as all eligibility requirements imposed by the provider have been met.  
The Jetport distinguishes operating revenues and ex penses from non-operating items. Operating 
revenues and expenses generally result from providing services in connection with ongoing operations.  
The principal operating revenues of the Jetport are charges to c ustomers (airline carriers).  Operating 
expenses include the cost of personne l, contractual services, administra tive expenses, and depreciation 
on capital assets.  All revenues a nd expenses not meeting this definition are reported as non-operating 
revenues and expenses. 
 
 
  
6 
PORTLAND INTERNATIONAL JETPORT 
Notes to Financial Statements 
 
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES, CONTINUED 
When both restricted and unrestricted resources are available for use, it is the Jetport’s policy to use 
restricted resources first, then unrestricted resources as they are needed, except in instances in which 
restricted amounts must be maintained to comply with existing bond covenants. 
Cash and Cash Equivalents -  the Jetport’s cash and cash equivalents con sist of cash on hand, demand 
deposits, and cash equivalent investments (i.e., money market mutual funds).  The Jetport’s cash balance 
consists of $19,104,659 and $20,494,460 at June 30, 201 8 and 2017, respectively, which is the Jetport ’s 
share of the City’s pooled cash. This is in addition to $15,267,425 and $14,596,974 in funds reported in 
restricted accounts at June 30, 2018 and June 30, 2017.  Classification as to credit risk, interest rate and 
custodial risk is included in the City’s basic financial statements. 
Accounts Receivable  - The Jetport provides credit to custom ers at the Jetport, such as airlines and 
vendors on-site.  The Jetport uses the allowance method to account for uncollectible accounts receivable.  
The allowance for doubtful accounts is based on prior years' experience and management's analysis of 
possible bad debts.  The Jetport accrues revenue for estimated services provided, but not yet billed as of 
the balance sheet dates. 
Inventories and Prepaid Expenses  - Inventories are valued at c ost, using the first-in first-out (FIFO) 
method and consist of expendable supplies.  The cost of such inventories are recorded as expenses when 
consumed rather than when purchase d. Certain payments to vendors refle ct costs applicable to future 
accounting periods and are recorded as prepaid items in the financial statements.  The cost of prepaid 
items are recorded as expenses when consumed rather than when purchased. 
Capital Assets - Capital assets, which include pr operty, plant, equipment, a nd infrastructure assets, are 
defined by the Jetport as assets with an estimated minimum useful life in excess of two years with an 
initial, individual cost as follows: 
Type of Asset Cost 
  
Land ALL 
Land improvements $      20,000 
Machinery and equipment 20,000 
Buildings, building improvements, 
 and leasehold improvements 
 
50,000 
Improvements other than buildings 100,000 
 
The cost of normal repairs and maintenance that do not add to the value of the asset or materially extend 
assets lives are not capitalized. 
   
7 
PORTLAND INTERNATIONAL JETPORT 
Notes to Financial Statements 
 
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES, CONTINUED 
Major outlays for capital assets and improvements are capitalized as pr ojects are constructed.  The City 
has implemented GASB Statement No. 89, Accounting for Interest Cost Incurred before the End of a 
Construction Period, and interest incurred during the construction phase of capital assets is not included 
as part of the capitalized va lue of the assets constructed.  The total  interest expense incurred by the 
Jetport during the year ended June 30, 2018 a nd 2017 was $5,144,424 and $5,151,332, respectively, of 
which none was capitalized. 
Property, plant, and equipment are depreciated using the straight- line method over the assets’ useful 
lives, ranging from 3 to 50 years.  
Compensated Absences - Employees earn vacation and sick leave as they provide services.  Pursuant to 
collective bargaining agreements, employees may accumulate (subject to certain limitations) unused sick 
leave, and upon retirement, terminati on or death, may be compensated for amounts up to 180 days at 
current rates of pay. 
Vacation time is earned based on anniversary date and length of service in amounts ranging between two 
and four weeks per year.  City employees are allowed to carry over vacation time earned up to a 
maximum of 240 hours for employees hired prior to 1979 and 160 hours for all other employees.  
Employees are paid for allowable accruals upon termination of employment. 
Accumulated leave is recorded as an expense and liability as the benefits accrue to employees.  
Liabilities for compensated absences are recorded as other liabilities and accrued expenses. 
Long-term Obligations - Long-term debt and other long-term obligations are reported as liabilities in 
the statement of net position.  Bond premiums are deferred and amortized over the life of the bond using 
the straight-line method.   
Pensions and Other Postemployment Benefits - For the purposes of measuring the net pension and net 
OPEB liabilities, deferred outflows of  resources, deferred inflows of resources, and expenses related to 
pensions and other postemployment be nefits have been determined on the same basis as they are 
reported by the Maine Public Employees Retire ment System (MainePERS).  For this purpose, benefit 
payments (including refunds of employee contribut ions) are recognized when due and payable in 
accordance with benefit terms.  Investments are reported at fair value.  Further information regarding the 
net pension liability, the net liability for other postemployment be nefits, related deferred outflows of 
resources, related deferred inflows of  resources, and related expenses can be obtained from the City’s 
basic financial statements. 
 
  
8 
PORTLAND INTERNATIONAL JETPORT 
Notes to Financial Statements 
 
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES, CONTINUED 
Deferred Outflows/Inflows of Resources - In addition to assets, the state ment of net position will 
sometimes report a separate section of deferred outflows of resources.  This sepa rate financial element, 
deferred outflows of resources, represents a consumption of net position that applies to a future period(s) 
and so will not be recognized as an outflow of resources (expense/expenditure) until then.  The Jetport 
has several such items in the statement of net position. The se items are related to the recognition of the 
net pension liability and net liability for other postemployment bene fits, and can include: differences 
between expected and actual experience, change in assumptions, the net differen ce between projected 
and actual earnings on pension plan investments, and ch anges in proportion and differences between the 
Jetport’s contributions and proportionate share of contributions, and also Jetport pension contribution s 
subsequent to the measurement date. The statement of ne t position also reports a deferred outflow of 
resources related to refunding bonds. This amount repres ents the difference between the reacquisition 
price and the net carrying amount of the refunded debt. It is being amortized over the remaining life of 
the bond. 
In addition to liabilities, the statement of net position and balance sheet will sometimes report a separate 
section for deferred inflows of resource s.  This separate financial statement element, deferred inflows of 
resources, represents an acquisition of net position that applies to a future period(s) and so will not be 
recognized as an inflow of resources (revenue) u ntil that time.  The Jetport has several of these items.  
The statement of net position, reports items related to the recognition of the net pension liability and the 
net liability for other postemployme nt benefits, and can also include  the items listed above, except for 
contributions subsequent to the measurement date.    
Use of Estimates  - Preparation of the Jetport’s financial statements in conformity with accounting 
principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates 
and assumptions that affect certa in reported amounts and disclosures.  Ac cordingly, actual results could 
differ from these estimates. 
Income Taxes - The Jetport, as a fund of the City of Port land, qualifies as a tax exempt organization 
under the provisions of the Internal Re venue Code and, accordingly, its income is not subject to any 
state or federal income taxes. 
Net Position Flow Assumptions - Sometimes the Jetport will fund outlays for a particular purpose from 
both restricted (bond or grant proceed s) and unrestricted resources.  In order to calculate the amounts 
reported as restricted net position and unrestricted ne t position, a flow assumption must be made about 
the order in which the resources are c onsidered to be applied.  It is the entity’s policy to consider 
restricted net position to have been depleted before unrestricted net position is applied. 
  
9 
PORTLAND INTERNATIONAL JETPORT 
Notes to Financial Statements 
 
CAPITAL ASSETS 
Summaries of changes in capital assets for the years ended June 30, 2018 and 2017 follow: 
 
For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2018, the City reclassified $1,122,094 of Jetport assets from 
improvements other than buildings to buildings and improvements. 
 
 
 
 
Balance Balance 
June 30, June 30, 
2017 Increases Decreases 2018
Capital assets, not being
   depreciated:
     Land 13,313,235$    -$                   -$                   13,313,235$    
     Construction in progress 5,918,934        3,309,943      (6,086,514)     3,142,364        
Total capital assets,
   not being depreciated 19,232,169$    3,309,943$    (6,086,514)$   16,455,599$    
Capital assets, being depreciated:
     Buildings and improvements 176,685,060$  1,122,094$    -$                   177,807,154$  
     Improvements other than buildings 129,239,510    8,806,775      (1,122,094)     136,924,191    
     Machinery and equipment 18,544,479      237,542         (2,030,485)     16,751,537      
Total capital assets, being
   depreciated 324,469,050$  10,166,412$  (3,152,579)$   331,482,882$  
Less accumulated
   depreciation for:
     Buildings and improvements (62,416,102)$   (4,908,914)$   -$                   (67,325,016)$   
     Improvements other than buildings (89,077,178)     (3,269,496)     -                     (92,346,674)     
     Machinery and equipment (10,593,434)     (847,224)        1,963,509      (9,477,149)       
Total accumulated depreciation (162,086,714)$ (9,025,634) $   1,963,509$    (169,148,839)$ 
Total capital assets being
   depreciated, net 162,382,335    1,140,778      (1,189,070)     162,334,043    
Capital assets, net 181,614,505$  4,450,721$    (7,275,583)$   178,789,643$   
10 
PORTLAND INTERNATIONAL JETPORT 
Notes to Financial Statements 
 
CAPITAL ASSETS, CONTINUED 
 
 
Depreciation expense incurred at the Jetport totaled $9,025,634 and $8,915,723 for the fiscal years 
ended June 30, 2018 and 2017, respectively. 
Construction commitments outstanding at June 30 include: 
 
 
 
 
Balance Balance 
June 30, June 30, 
2016 Increases Decreases 2017
Capital assets, not being
   depreciated:
     Land 13,313,235$      -$                    -$                    13,313,235$      
     Construction in progress 683,247             5,818,229       (582,542)         5,918,934          
Total capital assets,
   not being depreciated 13,996,482$      5,818,229$     (582,542)$       19,232,169$      
Capital assets, being depreciated:
     Buildings and improvements 176,526,424$    158,636$        -$                    176,685,060$    
     Improvements other than buildings 128,975,670      263,840          -                      129,239,510      
     Machinery and equipment 18,484,901        343,705          (284,127)         18,544,479        
Total capital assets, being
   depreciated 323,986,995$    766,182$        (284,127)$       324,469,050$    
Less accumulated
   depreciation for:
     Buildings and improvements (57,498,498)$    (4,917,604)$    -$                    (62,416,102)$    
     Improvements other than buildings (85,927,847)      (3,149,331)      -                      (89,077,178)      
     Machinery and equipment (10,027,717)      (848,787)         283,070          (10,593,434)      
Total accumulated depreciation (153,454,062)$  (8,915,723)$    283,070$        (162,086,714)$  
Total capital assets being
   depreciated, net 170,532,933      (8,149,541)      (1,057)             162,382,335      
Capital assets, net 184,529,415$    (2,331,312)$    (583,599)$       181,614,505$    
2018 2017
Spent to date 4,702,941$       3,831,970$      
Remaining Commitment 7,446,747         2,488,127         
11 
PORTLAND INTERNATIONAL JETPORT 
Notes to Financial Statements 
 
LONG-TERM DEBT 
Changes in long-term liabilities for the years ended June 30, 2018 and 2017 are summarized as follows: 
 
Purpose of Debt 
The Jetport issues revenue bonds for the purpose of e nlarging and improving its operations. The Jetport 
has also issued refunding bonds when there has been  an economic gain.  The refundings are structured 
as legal defeasances of the old debt and such debt has been removed from the Jetport’s books. Revenue 
bonds payable for the years ended June 30, 2018 and 2017: 
 
 
July 1, 2017 Additions Deletions June 30, 2018 One Year
Restated
Revenue bonds 114,760,000$  -$                   2,700,000$     112,060,000$ 3,065,000 $     
Premium on bonds 5,385,226        -                     502,897          4,882,329       572,213          
Net pension liability 2,744,344        -                     645,517          2,098,827       -                     
Net OPEB liability 253,012           -                     62,121            190,891          -                     
123,142,582$  -$                   3,910,535$     119,232,047$ 3,637,213 $     
July 1, 2016 Additions Deletions June 30, 2017 One Year
Revenue bonds 118,320,000$  20,695,000$   24,255,000$   114,760,000$ 2,700,000 $     
Premium on bonds 2,237,245        3,460,671       312,690          5,385,226       502,897          
Net pension liability 1,649,760        1,094,584       -                      2,744,344       -                     
122,207,005$  25,250,255$   24,567,690$   122,889,570$ 3,202,897 $     
Stated Face Value Face Value
Interest Outstanding Outstanding
Rate Range June 30, 2018 June 30, 2017
General Airport Revenue Refunding Bonds, Series 2016
$20,695,000 original principal, matures January 1, 2038 4%-5% 20,125,000$   20,695,000$   
General Airport Revenue Refunding Bonds, Series 2013
$26,265,000 original principal, matures July 1, 2032 2%-5% 21,315,000     22,300,000     
General Airport Revenue Bonds, Series 2010
$72,310,000 original principal, matures January 1, 2040 4%-5% 70,620,000     71,765,000     
112,060,000$ 114,760,000 $  
12 
PORTLAND INTERNATIONAL JETPORT 
Notes to Financial Statements 
 
LONG-TERM DEBT, CONTINUED 
Requirements for the repayment of the revenue bonds are as follows: 
 
Section 705 of the General Certificate of Terms and Issuanc e of General Airport Revenue Bonds 
Portland International Jetport  require a minimum debt service coverage  ratio of 125 percent.  During 
fiscal years 2018 and 2017, the Jetport has complied with the requirements of all bond covenants. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Year ended June 30, Principal Interest Total
2019 3,065,000$      5,568,475$     8,633,475$     
2020 3,210,000        5,439,125       8,649,125       
2021 3,390,000        5,288,225       8,678,225       
2022 3,570,000        5,123,075       8,693,075       
2023 3,780,000        4,943,075       8,723,075       
2024-2028 22,365,000      21,633,625     43,998,625     
2029-2033 29,390,000      15,335,075     44,725,075     
2034-2038 27,185,000      8,282,200       35,467,200     
2039-2040 16,105,000      1,374,000       17,479,000     
Totals 112,060,000$  72,986,875$   185,046,875$ 
2018 2017
Operating revenue 22,896,385$   21,934,310$   
Interest on investments - revenue fund 378,399          109,860          
Maintenance and operating expenses (17,735,020)   (15,930,917)   
Net Revenues 5,539,764$     6,113,253$     
Debt Service Coverage Ratio Calculation:
Required Debt Service Fund Deposits 8,389,300$     7,216,485       
  Less:  Debt Service Supported by PFC's (4,250,013)     (3,260,013)     
4,139,287$     3,956,472       
Debt service coverage ratio 134% 155% 
13 
PORTLAND INTERNATIONAL JETPORT 
Notes to Financial Statements 
 
OPERATING LEASES 
The City of Portland is lessor for space in the Portland International Jetport.  The leases are non-
cancelable operating leases and may contain fix ed minimums and/or annually adjusted rates. Rental 
incomes for such leases were $22,008,486 and $20,986,926 for the years ended June 30, 2018 and 2017, 
respectively.   The future minimum lease payments are as follows: 
 
The cost and carrying value of propert y leased, or held for lease under ope rating leases at June 30, 2018 
was $97,684,399 and $61,749,580, respectively; and at  June 30, 2017 was $97,684,399 and 
$64,462,284, respectively. 
 
CAPITAL GRANTS 
The City of Portland is the recipi ent of several airport development aid program capital grants for 
continuing projects at the Portland International Jetport.  State, federal, and local grants were authorized 
in the amount of $18,989,699 and $13,359,995 at June 30, 2018 and 2017, respectively.  At June 30, 
2018 and June 30, 2017, $14,002,961  and $10,932,361 had been expe nded against these grants.  
Amounts due from federal and state go vernments related to these grants at June 30, 2018 and June 30, 
2017 was $5,316,371 and $6,145,598.  
 
2018
2019 4,753,737$     
2020 4,754,032       
2021 4,743,902       
2022 4,743,902       
2023 4,743,902       
Total future minimum lease payments 23,739,475$    
14 
PORTLAND INTERNATIONAL JETPORT 
Notes to Financial Statements 
 
RESTATEMENT OF NET POSITION 
The City has implemented GASB Statement No. 75, Accounting and Financial Reporting for 
Postemployment Benefits Other Than Pensions, beginning in the fiscal year ending June 30, 2018. The 
adoption of this new standard required the calculation of outstanding liabilities and related deferred 
inflows and outflows of resources as of June 30, 2017 and, consequently, a restatement of the net 
position of the jetport enterprise fund as summarized below: 
   
 
 
Net position as previously reported, June 30, 2017  $  101,214,783  
Implementation of GASB No. 75  ( 249,106)  
Net position, June 30, 2017, as restated  $  100,965,677  
     
NEW PRONOUNCEMENTS 
For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2018, the City has implemented GASB Statement No. 88, Certain 
Disclosures Related to Debt, including Direct Borrowings and Direct Placements; and GASB Statement 
No. 89, Accounting for Interest Cost Incurred before the End of a Construction Period. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
15 
 
Schedule 1
2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009
Operating revenues
   Terminal rentals 4,717,376$      4,613,526$      4,451,852$      4,168,623$      3,873,641$      3,710,636$      3,370,303$      3,188,582$      3,338,923$    3,330,290$    
   Landing fees 3,419,318        3,337,376        3,140,527        2,885,813        2,748,081        2,520,617        2,384,503        2,347,763        2,563,994      2,581,143      
   Ground rent 459,294           477,855           473,561           478,180           464,718           462,197           466,324           487,441           465,412         594,929         
   Parking 7,039,830        6,854,230        6,557,689        6,475,767        6,572,699        6,104,937        6,042,569        6,249,019        6,258,350      5,593,218      
   Rental cars 4,602,266        4,035,134        4,167,497        4,029,735        3,495,981        3,617,047        3,197,107        2,760,515        3,507,583      2,929,917      
   Aircraft deicing fluid recycling (1) 757,268           770,143           751,924           715,123           794,472           777,253           872,898           912,538           -                    -                    
   Concessions 1,498,975        1,417,219        1,329,767        1,363,563        1,067,754        1,255,682        1,158,693        891,203           885,310         895,328         
   Other 402,057           428,827           490,632           649,273           451,033           616,060           447,391           506,132           249,498         229,852         
         Total operating revenues 22,896,385$    21,934,310$    21,363,450$    20,766,077$    19,468,379$    19,064,429$    17,939,788$    17,343,193$    17,269,070$  16,154,677$  
Nonoperating revenues
   Passenger facility charges 4,081,370$      3,742,493$      3,504,626$      3,475,122$      3,424,890$      3,423,073$      3,339,256$      3,789,768$      3,429,330$    2,590,439$    
   Interest 378,399           109,860           175,502           129,680           66,764             24,133             26,220             157,599           71,847           494,618         
   Other -                       -                       -                       -                       -                       116,848           -                       -                       -                    6,333             
         Total nonoperating revenues 4,459,769$      3,852,353$      3,680,128$      3,604,802$      3,491,654$      3,564,054$      3,365,476$      3,947,367$      3,501,177$    3,091,390$    
Total revenues 27,356,154$    25,786,664$    25,043,578$    24,370,879$    22,960,033$    22,628,483$    21,305,264$    21,290,560$    20,770,247$  19,246,067$  
Operating expenses
   Personnel services 5,237,079$      5,249,386$      4,812,333$      4,075,786$      3,966,148$      3,854,494$      3,643,244$      3,498,179$      3,110,782$    3,129,467$    
   Contractual services 7,453,281        6,814,606        6,706,375        6,029,555        5,836,992        6,300,692        5,148,490        3,971,043        4,182,364      4,530,097      
   Supplies and materials 825,813           807,642           689,682           706,169           748,935           746,064           538,502           605,795           532,808         608,939         
   Rentals 18,759             14,686             40,838             39,555             11,807             12,037             11,259             11,918             14,453           11,169           
   Utilities 1,371,558        1,391,041        1,407,204        1,484,605        1,411,237        1,257,122        1,105,730        798,436           714,732         843,497         
   Maintenance 2,728,300        1,798,495        1,740,540        1,417,079        1,109,862        909,037           639,482           795,186           1,010,983      776,723         
   Depreciation 9,025,634        8,915,723        8,952,733        9,937,167        10,715,429      10,893,228      10,018,427      8,677,856        8,343,575      8,118,477      
   Other 100,229           104,169           104,245           128,528           124,455           124,531           611,117           609,612           557,418         509,639         
         Total operating expenses 26,760,654$    25,095,747$    24,453,950$    23,818,444$    23,924,865$    24,097,205$    21,716,251$    18,968,025$    18,467,115$  18,528,008$  
Nonoperating expenses
   Capital asset retirement 66,975$           1,057$             18,495$           -$                     -$                     -$                     485,353$         5,117$             917$              -$                  
   Interest expense 5,144,424        5,151,332        5,549,417        5,609,244        5,736,322        6,423,647        3,468,813        3,798,677        3,317,948      2,171,153      
   Other -                       -                       -                       460,671           -                       -                       -                       -                       -                    -                    
         Total nonoperating expenses 5,211,399        5,152,390        5,567,912        6,069,915        5,736,322        6,423,647        3,954,166        3,803,794        3,318,864      2,171,153      
Total expenses 31,972,053$    30,248,136$    30,021,862$    29,888,359$    29,661,187$    30,520,852$    25,670,417$    22,771,819$    21,785,979$  20,699,161$  
Transfers out (in) -$                     -$                     -$                     -$                     -$                     -$                     -$                     (114,986)$        114,986$       -$                  
Capital contributions 3,070,600        5,097,942        5,188,818        1,726,702        2,100,350        6,861,123        10,121,038      19,896,219      12,443,239    2,989,064      
Change in net position (1,545,299)$     636,469$         210,534$         (3,790,778)$     (4,600,804)$     (1,031,246)$     5,755,885$      18,529,946$    11,312,521$  1,535,970$    
Net position at year-end
  Net investment in capital assets 80,751,952$    76,066,253$    78,811,682$    65,628,649$    73,078,592$    82,538,428$    79,493,563$    68,070,921$    63,535,259$  57,806,352$  
  Restricted 4,504,408        4,245,032        3,686,163        17,729,460      18,200,326      18,019,786      14,440,299      22,360,883      74,331,659    12,179,865    
  Unrestricted (deficit) 14,164,018      20,654,393      17,831,359      16,760,561      14,071,736      9,393,245        17,048,843      16,337,434      (49,627,625)   6,940,554      
Total net position 99,420,378$    100,965,677$  100,329,204$  100,118,670$  105,350,654$  109,951,459$  110,982,705$  106,769,238$  88,239,293$  76,926,771$  
(1) FY2011 was the first year of deicing fluid recapture and recycling.
PORTLAND INTERNATIONAL JETPORT
Net Position and Changes in Net Position
Last Ten Fiscal Years 
16 
 
Schedule 2
2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009
Airline revenues
   Terminal rentals 4,311,074$      4,225,910$      4,065,548$    3,772,520$    3,534,855$    3,449,588$    3,107,859$    2,832,787$    3,111,289$    3,133,664$    
   Landing fees 3,178,164        3,128,272        2,936,436      2,675,449      2,562,568      2,361,034      2,219,774      2,169,353 2,391,335 2,355,973
         Total airline revenues 7,489,238$      7,354,182$      7,001,983$    6,447,969$    6,097,423$    5,810,622$    5,327,633$    5,002,140$    5,502,624$    5,489,637$    
               Percentage of total revenues 27.38% 28.52% 27.96% 26.46% 26.56% 25.68% 25.01% 23.49% 26.49% 28.52%
Cargo revenues 
   Landing fees 241,155$         209,104$         204,092$       210,364$       185,512$       159,583$       164,729$       178,410$       133,215$       225,170$       
   Ramp rent 72,505             71,552             70,152           72,026           67,479           72,091           69,836           72,338           65,946           64,301           
   Ground rent 49,260             45,598             44,701           43,292           40,193           43,015           42,155           44,414           40,221           39,241           
         Total cargo revenues 362,920$         326,254$         318,945$       325,682$       293,184$       274,689$       276,720$       295,162$       239,382$       328,712$       
               Percentage of total revenues 1.33% 1.27% 1.27% 1.34% 1.28% 1.21% 1.30% 1.39% 1.15% 1.71%
Nonairline revenues
   Parking 7,039,830$      6,854,230$      6,557,689$    6,475,767$    6,572,699$    6,104,937$    6,042,569$    6,249,019$    6,258,350$    5,593,218$    
   Rental cars 4,602,266        4,035,134        4,167,497      4,029,735      3,495,981      3,617,047      3,197,107      2,859,355      3,478,966      2,929,917      
   Concessions 1,498,975        1,417,219        1,329,767      1,363,563      1,067,754      1,255,682      1,158,693      891,203         885,310         895,328         
   Aircraft deicing fluid recycling (1) 757,268           770,143           751,924         715,123         794,472         777,253         872,898         912,538         -                    -                    
   Ground rent 410,034           432,257           428,860         434,888         424,525         419,182         424,169         474,843         387,861         491,387         
   Terminal rent 406,302           387,616           386,305         396,103         338,785         261,048         262,444         195,898         192,710         196,626         
   Other 329,551           357,275           420,480         577,247         383,554         543,969         377,555         463,035         323,867         229,852         
         Total nonairline revenues 15,044,227$    14,253,874$    14,042,522$  13,992,426$  13,077,770$  12,979,118$  12,335,435$  12,045,891$  11,527,064$  10,336,328$  
               Percentage of total revenues 54.99% 55.28% 56.07% 57.41% 56.96% 57.36% 57.90% 56.58% 55.50% 53.71%
Nonoperating revenues
   Passenger facility charges 4,081,370$      3,742,493        3,504,626$    3,475,122$    3,424,890$    3,423,073$    3,339,256$    3,789,768$    3,429,330$    2,590,439$    
   Interest 378,399           109,860           175,502         129,680         66,764           24,133           26,220           157,599         71,847 494,618
   Other -                       -                       -                    -                    -                    116,848         -                    -                    -                    6,333
         Total nonoperating revenues 4,459,769$      3,852,353$      3,680,128$    3,604,802$    3,491,654$    3,564,054$    3,365,476$    3,947,367$    3,501,177$    3,091,390$    
               Percentage of total revenues 16.30% 14.94% 14.69% 14.79% 15.21% 15.75% 15.80% 18.54% 16.86% 16.06%
Total revenues 27,356,154$    25,786,664$    25,043,578$  24,370,879$  22,960,031$  22,628,483$  21,305,264$  21,290,560$  20,770,247$  19,246,067$  
Enplaned passengers (excluding charters) 969,683           912,913           876,250         842,784         843,148         818,541         824,165         849,076         858,687         861,585         
Total revenue per enplaned passenger 28.21$             28.25$             28.58$           28.92$           27.23$           27.64$           25.85$           25.07$           24.19$           22.34$           
Airline revenue per enplaned passenger 7.72$               8.06$               7.99$             7.65$             7.23$             7.10$             6.46$             5.89$             6.41$             6.37$             
(1) FY2011 was the first year of deicing fluid recapture and recycling.
PORTLAND INTERNATIONAL JETPORT
Principal Revenue Sources and Revenues Per Enplaned Passenger
Last Ten Fiscal Years 
17 
 
Schedule 3
2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009
Cash flows from operating activities
    Receipts from customers and users 22,882,943$    21,848,595$    21,545,614$    20,804,816$    19,494,240$    19,045,317$    17,570,830$    17,297,017$    17,131,693$    16,912,025$    
    Payments to suppliers (12,301,754)    (9,202,376)      (9,980,113)      (10,629,035)    (8,233,341)      (10,063,783)    (9,726,904)      (9,536,796)      (6,832,878)      (7,673,183)      
    Payments to employees (5,220,138)      (5,060,016)      (4,751,671)      (4,324,548)      (3,936,395)      (3,873,483)      (3,647,365)      (3,477,842)      (3,282,966)      (3,101,192)      
  Net cash provided (used)
    by operating activities 5,361,051$      7,586,203$      6,813,830$      5,851,233$      7,324,504$      5,108,051$      4,196,561$      4,282,379$      7,015,849$      6,137,650$      
Cash flows from noncapital
  financing activities
    Transfers to other funds -$                    -$                    -$                    -$                    -$                    -$                    -$                    114,986$         (114,986)$       -$                    
  Net cash provided (used)
    by noncapital financing activities -$                    -$                    -$                    -$                    -$                    -$                    -$                    114,986$         (114,986)$       -$                    
Cash flows from capital and related
  financing activities
    Contributed capital 4,026,696$      279,881$         6,956,237$      4,724,657$      2,625,220$      16,506,617$    10,782,816$    11,751,997$    4,204,540$      2,989,064$      
    Passenger facility charges 3,932,286        3,742,493        3,360,360        3,374,105        3,505,456        3,423,073        3,339,256        3,789,768        3,429,330        2,590,439        
    Proceeds from sale of revenue bonds -                      -                      -                      -                      -                      -                      -                      -                      72,310,000      -                      
    Proceeds from sale of refunding bonds -                      24,155,671      -                      -                      -                      -                      -                      -                      -                      -                      
    Proceeds from sale of capital assets -                      -                      -                      -                      -                      -                      -                      -                      700,000           -                      
    Acquisition and construction
      of capital assets (6,012,992)      (5,841,675)      (5,189,872)      (1,572,999)      (3,919,096)      (7,941,008)      (30,145,788)    (62,596,684)    (18,181,705)    (24,584,443)    
    Nonoperating deposits:
      Beginning of year -                      -                      -                      -                      -                      -                      (300,623)         (623)                -                      -                      
      End of year -                      -                      -                      -                      -                      -                      623                  300,623           -                      -                      
    Acquisition of other noncurrent assets -                      -                      -                      -                      -                      -                      -                      -                      (1,889,314)      -                      
    Principal paid on bond maturities (2,700,000)      (1,095,000)      (1,665,000)      (1,615,000)      (1,865,000)      (3,430,000)      (1,380,000)      (1,402,738)      (962,332)         (932,323)         
    Principal paid on note payable, line-of-credit -                      -                      -                      -                      -                      -                      -                      (845,000)         (3,715,000)      (2,540,000)      
    Cash used in bond refinancing -                      -                      -                      -                      -                      (100,997)         -                      -                      -                      -                      
    Refunding bonds defeased -                      (24,609,699)    -                      -                      -                      -                      -                      -                      -                      -                      
    Interest paid on debt (5,577,922)      (5,522,771)      (5,867,597)      (5,919,772)      (5,770,788)      (4,191,994)      (3,496,239)      (2,642,834)      (2,701,644)      (1,625,410)      
    Nonoperating, other -                      -                      -                      (460,671)         -                      -                      -                      -                      (916)                6,333               
  Net cash provided (used) by capital
    and related financing activities (6,331,932)$    (8,891,100)$    (2,405,872)$    (1,469,680)$    (5,424,208)$    4,265,691$      (21,199,955)$  (51,645,491)$  53,192,959$    (24,096,340)$  
PORTLAND INTERNATIONAL JETPORT
Changes in Cash and Cash Equivalents
Last Ten Fiscal Years 
18 
 
Schedule 3, Continued
2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009
Cash flows from investing activities
    Proceeds from sale and
      maturity of investments -$                   -$                   -$                   -$                   -$                   -$                   -$                   -$                   -$                   13,250,017$   
    Interest income 251,531          109,860          175,502          129,680          66,764            24,134            26,220            157,599          71,847            494,618          
  Net cash provided (used) by investing
    activities 251,531$        109,860$        175,502$        129,680$        66,764$          24,134$          26,220$          157,599$        71,847$          13,744,635$   
  Net increase (decrease) in
   cash and cash equivalents (719,350)$      (1,195,037)$   4,583,460$     4,511,233$     1,967,060$     9,397,876$     (16,977,174)$ (47,090,527) $ 60,165,669 $   (4,214,055)$   
Cash and cash equivalents,
  beginning of year 35,091,434     36,286,467     31,703,007     27,191,774     25,224,714     15,826,838     32,804,012     79,894,539     19,728,870     23,942,925     
Cash and cash equivalents,
  end of year 34,372,084$   35,091,430$   36,286,467$   31,703,007$   27,191,774$   25,224,714$   15,826,838$   32,804,012$   79,894,539$   19,728,870$   
Reconciliation of operating income (loss)
  to net cash provided (used) by
  operating activities:
    Operating income (loss) (3,864,269)$   (3,161,437)$   (3,090,500)$   (3,052,367)$   (4,456,487)$   (5,032,776)$   (4,261,816)$   (1,624,832)$   (1,198,044)$   (2,373,331)$   
    Adjustments to reconcile operating income (loss)
     to net cash provided by operating activities:
       Depreciation and amortization 9,025,634$     8,915,723$     8,952,733$     9,937,167$     10,715,429$   10,893,228$   10,018,427$   8,677,856$     8,343,574$     8,118,477$     
       Loss on disposal of assets -                     -                     -                     4,112              -                     -                     1,497,800       5,116              6,516              -                     
       Change in deferred inflows and 
       outflows-pension 52,318            158,308          401,164          (244,081)        -                     -                     -                     -                     -                     -                     
       Change in deferred inflows and 
       outflows-OPEB (4,243)            249,106          -                     -                     -                     -                     -                     -                     -                     -                     
       Change in operating assets and liabilities:
           Accounts receivable (73,582)          (38,143)          119,326          (36,666)          25,862            (19,112)          (368,958)        (20,722)          (136,461)        (262,430)        
           Prepaid expenses 62,536            62,535            62,535            62,536            85,036            (22,500)          -                     -                     -                     -                     
           Inventories (27,324)          (18,724)          (9,020)            (75,245)          58,366            (26,822)          (1,014)            (106,815)        16,944            (162,296)        
           Due from other governments 60,140            (47,573)          62,838            -                     -                     -                     -                     -                     -                     1,019,778       
           Accounts payable (28,775)          1,536,781       228,921          (762,991)        873,604          (687,219)        (2,867,792)     (2,880,749)     159,128          (102,681)        
           Deferred revenue -                     -                     -                     -                     -                     -                     169,305          -                     -                     -                     
           Accrued liabilities 30,852            (53,622)          36,163            (6,199)            29,753            (18,989)          (4,121)            228,850          (172,184)        28,275            
           Compensated absences (13,910)          (6,113)            33,499            1,518              -                     -                     -                     -                     -                     -                     
           Claims and judgments 141,675          (10,638)          16,171            23,449            (7,059)            22,241            14,730            3,675              (3,624)            (128,142)        
      Total adjustments 9,225,321$     10,747,640$   9,904,330$     8,903,600$     11,780,991$   10,140,827$   8,458,377$     5,907,211$     8,213,893$     8,510,981$     
Net cash provided (used)
  by operating activities 5,361,051$     7,586,203$     6,813,830$     5,851,233$     7,324,504$     5,108,051$     4,196,561$     4,282,379$     7,015,849$     6,137,650$     
Noncash investing, capital,
  and financing activities:
      Disposal of capital assets 2,030,485$     284,127$        280,636$        818,680$        154,449$        321,724$        2,526,986$     59,582$          173,642$        25,199$          
      Accumulated depreciation on
        capital asset dispositions 1,963,509       283,066          262,141          814,568          154,449          321,724          1,029,186       54,466            167,127          25,199            
Premium on refunding of revenue bonds -                     3,460,671       -                     -                     -                     3,105,166       -                     -                     -                     -                     
Refunding debt issued -                     -                     20,695,000     -                     -                     25,265,000     -                     -                     -                     -                     
Outstanding debt refunded -                     -                     23,160,000     -                     -                     27,725,000     -                     -                     -                     -                     
Last Ten Fiscal Years
PORTLAND INTERNATIONAL JETPORT
Changes in Cash and Cash Equivalents 
19 
 
Schedule 4
2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009
Landing fee (per 1,000 lbs MGLW) $3.05 $2.74 $2.83 $2.89 $2.81 $2.47 $2.33 $2.15 $2.35 $2.13
Landing fee surcharge (per 1,000 lbs MGLW) $0.76 $0.69 $0.71 $0.72 $0.70 $0.62 $0.58 $0.54 $0.59 $0.53
for non-signatory airlines:  25% add-on to landing fee
Apron fees (per sq. foot) $0.00 $0.00 $0.00 $0.00 $0.00 $0.00 $0.00 $0.00 $0.00 $0.00
Annual terminal rental rates (per sq. foot)
  - Exclusive use $30.83 $30.44 $29.17 $27.77 $25.36 $26.20 $23.32 $34.85 $35.82 $36.48
  - Common use $30.83 $30.44 $29.25 $27.86 $25.37 $26.20 $22.31 $47.26 $47.80 $48.16
  - Outbound baggage (b) $46.20 $41.43 $38.88 $34.50 $36.08 $24.17 $42.11 n/a n/a n/a
  - Public / concessions use $30.83 $30.44 $29.12 $27.91 $25.38 $26.21 $21.78 $47.25 $47.80 $48.17
Terminal renovations surcharge (per enplanement)
 -  PFC (Passenger Facility Charge) (a) $4.50 $4.50 $4.50 $4.50 $4.50 $4.50 $4.50 $4.50 $4.50 $4.50
Annual loading bridge rental (per bridge) n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a
(a) $4.50 PFC became effective March 1, 2009.
(b) Outbound baggage fees began October 2011.
PORTLAND INTERNATIONAL JETPORT
Revenue Rates
Last Ten Fiscal Years 
20 
 
Schedule 5
2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009
Outstanding Debt per Enplaned Passenger
   Outstanding debt by type:
          Revenue bonds 48,360,000$    50,070,000$    53,630,000$    55,295,000$    56,910,000$    58,775,000$    62,605,000$    63,985,000$    65,310,000$    58,495,000$  
          Revenue bonds (PFC funded) 63,700,000      64,690,000      64,690,000      64,690,000$    64,690,000      64,690,000      64,690,000      64,690,000      64,690,000      -                    
          General obligation bonds -                      -                      -                      -                      -                      -                      -                      -                      77,738             235,070         
   Total outstanding debt 112,060,000$  114,760,000$  118,320,000$  119,985,000$  121,600,000$  123,465,000$  127,295,000$  128,675,000$  130,077,738$  58,730,070$  
   Outstanding debt per enplaned passenger 115.56$           125.71$           135.03$           142.37$           144.22$           150.84$           154.45$           151.55$           151.48$           68.17$           
Debt Service
   Principal 2,700,000$      1,720,000$      1,665,000$      1,615,000$      1,865,000$      1,435,000$      1,380,000$      1,402,738$      962,332$         932,323$       
   Interest 5,689,300        5,496,485        5,867,597        5,919,773        5,669,004        6,175,145        6,201,344        5,100,563        2,674,714        2,753,110      
   Total debt service 8,389,300$      7,216,485$      7,532,597$      7,534,773$      7,534,004$      7,610,145$      7,581,344$      6,503,301$      3,637,046$      3,685,433$    
    Ratio of debt service to total expenses 26.24% 24.06% 25.09% 25.21% 25.40% 24.93% 29.53% 28.56% 16.69% 17.80%
   Net debt service per enplaned passenger 8.65$               7.90$               8.60$               8.94$               8.94$               9.30$               9.20$               7.66$               4.24$               4.28$             
Debt Limit Information (in thousands)
  Assessed value per State (in thousands) 9,049,500$      8,501,550$      7,996,350$      7,707,200$      7,551,450$      7,552,150$      7,659,250$      7,909,900$      8,196,900$      8,283,450$    
   Debt limit - 3% of assessed value (in thousands) 271,485$         255,047$         239,891$         231,216$         226,544$         226,565$         229,778$         237,297$         245,907$         248,504$       
    Debt applicable to the limit (in thousands) -                      -                      -                      -                      -                      -                      -                      -                      78                    235                
   Debt margin (in thousands) 271,485$         255,047$         239,891$         231,216$         226,544$         226,565$         229,778$         237,297$         245,829$         248,268$       
   Debt margin as a percentage of debt limit 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 99.97% 99.91%
   Debt margin per enplaned passenger 279.97$           279.38$           273.77$           274.35$           268.69$           276.79$           278.80$           279.48$           286.29$           288.15$         
PORTLAND INTERNATIONAL JETPORT
Ratios of Outstanding Debt, Debt Service, and Debt Limits
Last Ten Fiscal Years 
21 
 
Schedule 6
2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009
Net Revenues
   Total Revenues 23,274,784$  22,044,170$  21,538,952$  20,812,634$  19,510,175$ 19,087,157 $ 17,939,788 $ 17,343,193 $ 17,269,070 $ 16,479,552 $ 
   Maintenance and operating expenses (1) 17,735,020    15,930,917    15,501,217    13,881,277    13,209,436   13,203,977   12,183,177   10,290,170   10,123,540   10,258,721   
         Net revenues 5,539,764      6,113,253      6,037,735      6,931,357      6,300,739     5,883,180     5,756,611     7,053,023     7,145,530     6,220,831     
   Less: Debt service 4,139,287      3,956,472      4,272,584      4,274,760      4,273,991     4,350,133     4,348,864     4,164,104     3,643,981     3,536,836     
            Capital outlay 1,365,482      526,926         708,016         630,361         1,102,372     730,450        1,595,441     749,336        951,017        249,202        
        Net remaining revenues 34,994$         1,629,855$    1,057,135$    2,026,236$    924,376$      802,597$      (187,694)$     2,139,583$   2,550,532$   2,434,793$   
Debt Service - Revenue Bonds
   Principal 2,700,000$    1,720,000$    1,665,000$    1,615,000      1,865,000$   1,435,000$   1,380,000$   1,325,000$   835,000$      805,000$      
   Interest 5,689,300      5,496,485      5,867,597      5,919,773$    5,669,004     6,175,146     6,228,877     4,469,110     2,808,981     2,731,836     
   Less:  Debt service supported by
                Passenger Facility Charges (2) (4,250,013)     (3,260,013)     (3,260,013)     (3,260,013)     (3,260,013)    (3,260,013)    (3,260,013)    (1,630,006)    -                    -                    
        Debt Service Supported by Net Revenues 4,139,287$    3,956,472$    4,272,584$    4,274,760$    4,273,991$   4,350,133$   4,348,864$   4,164,104$   3,643,981$   3,536,836$   
Debt Service Coverage Ratio Calculation
   Net revenues 5,539,764$    6,113,253$    6,037,735$    6,931,357$    6,300,739$   5,883,180$   5,756,611$   7,053,023$   7,145,530$   6,220,831$   
   Debt service 4,139,287$    3,956,472$    4,272,584$    4,274,760$    4,273,991$   4,350,133$   4,348,864$   4,164,104$   3,643,981$   3,536,836$   
    Debt service coverage ratio 1.34 1.55 1.41 1.62 1.47 1.35 1.32 1.69 1.96 1.76
(1) Excludes debt service expenditures and current years' budget basis encumbrances, includes prior years' payments of prior years' encumbrances 
(2) To measure compliance with revenue bond requirements, passenger facility charges are pledged to the payment of debt service and are not included in total revenues.
PORTLAND INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT
Pledged Revenue Coverage
Last Ten Fiscal Years
Budget Basis 
22 
 
Schedule 7
2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2015-2016 2016-2017
PRIMARY TRADE AREA
State of Maine
.Androscoggin County 106,877         106,539         107,702         107,398         107,609         107,604         107,440         107,233         107,319 107,651 0.08% 0.31%
.Cumberland County 276,047         278,559         281,674         282,401         283,921         285,456         287,797         289,977         292,041 292,500 0.71% 0.16%
.Kennebec County 120,959         121,090         122,151         121,935         121,853         121,164         121,112         119,980         120,569 121,821 0.49% 1.04%
.Knox County 40,686           40,801           39,736           39,708           39,668           39,550           39,676           39,855           39,744 39,790 -0.28% 0.12%
.Lincoln County 34,628           34,576           34,457           34,224           34,180           34,088           34,170           33,969           34,216 34,204 0.73% -0.04%
.Oxford County 56,741           56,244           57,833           57,695           57,481           57,277           57,238           57,202           57,217 57,439 0.03% 0.39%
.Sagadahoc County 36,332           36,391           35,293           35,207           35,191           35,013           35,045           35,149           35,273 35,392 0.35% 0.34%
PRIMARY TRADE AREA 672,270         674,200         678,846         678,568         679,903         680,152         682,478         683,365         686,379         688,797         0.44% 0.35%
SECONDARY TRADE AREA
State of Maine
.Aroostook County 71,676           71,488           70,981           71,482           70,868           70,055           69,447           68,628           67,959 67,653 -0.97% -0.45%
.Franklin County 29,857           29,735           29,650           30,746           30,630           30,495           30,296           29,991           30,001 29,988 0.03% -0.04%
.Hancock County 53,137           53,447           53,269           54,578           54,558           54,845           54,696           54,659           54,419 54,497 -0.44% 0.14%
.Penobscot County 148,651         149,419         148,761         153,786         153,746         153,364         153,414         152,692         151,806 151,957 -0.58% 0.10%
.Piscataquis County 16,961           16,795           16,874           17,419           17,290           17,124           17,026           16,931           16,843 16,773 -0.52% -0.42%
.Somerset County 51,377           50,947           50,900           52,028           51,910           51,706           51,163           51,113           50,915 50,626 -0.39% -0.57%
.Waldo County 38,342           38,287           38,359           38,745           38,820           38,940           39,051           39,155           39,364 39,832 0.53% 1.19%
.Washington County 32,499           32,107           31,932           32,637           32,462           32,190           31,808           31,625           31,450 31,593 -0.55% 0.45%
.York County 201,686         201,876         201,564         198,199         199,005         199,431         200,710         201,169         202,343 204,191 0.58% 0.91%
SECONDARY TRADE AREA 644,186         644,101         642,290         649,620         649,289         648,150         647,611         645,963         645,100         647,110         -0.13% 0.31%
TOTAL PRIMARY AND
SECONDARY TRADE AREA 1,316,456      1,318,301      1,321,136      1,328,188      1,329,192      1,328,302      1,330,089      1,329,328      1,331,479      1,335,907      0.16% 0.33%
State of Maine 1,316,456      1,318,301      1,321,136      1,328,188      1,329,192      1,328,302      1,330,089      1,329,328      1,331,479      1,335,907      0.16% 0.33%
United States 304,059,724  307,006,550  309,050,816  311,591,917  313,914,040  316,128,839  318,857,056  321,069,839  323,405,935 325,719,178 0.73% 0.72%
Source: U.S. Census Bureau
PORTLAND INTERNATIONAL JETPORT
Population in the Air Trade Area
Last Ten Calendar Years
Percentage Change 
23 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Schedule 8
Employment
Employer Location Range Product or Service
MaineHealth Statewide 9,001 to 9,500 General medical and surgical hospitals
Hannaford Bros Co. Statewide 7,501 to 8,000 Supermarkets and other grocery stores
Wal Mart / Sam's Club Statewide 6,501 to 7,000 Warehouse Clubs and Supercenters
L.L. Bean, Inc. Statewide 6,501 to 7,000 Electronic Shopping and Mail-Order Houses
Bath Iron Works Corporation Bath 5,501 to 6,000 Ship building and repairing
Eastern Maine Medical Center Statewide 4,001 to 4,500 General medical and surgical hospitals
Maine General Medical Center Statewide 3,001 to 3,500 General medical and surgical hospitals
Central Maine Healthcare Corp. Lewiston 3,001 to 3,500 General medical and surgical hospitals
T D Bank N A Statewide 3,001 to 3,500 Commercial banking
UNUM Provident Portland 2,501 to 3,000 Direct life insurance carriers
Shaw's Supermarkets, Inc. Statewide 2,501 to 3,000 Supermarkets and other grocery stores
Southern Maine Health Care Statewide 2,001 to 2,500 General medical and surgical hospitals
Pratt & Whitney Aircraft Group North Berwick 1,501 to 2,000 Aircraft engine and engine parts mfg.
St. Mary's Regional Medical Ctr Statewide 1,501 to 2,000 General medical and surgical hospitals
University of New England Statewide 1,001 to 1,500 Colleges and universities
Mercy Hospital Portland 1,001 to 1,500 General medical and surgical hospitals
Home Depot USA Inc. Statewide 1,001 to 1,500 Home centers
Mid Coast Hospital Brunswick 1,001 to 1,500 General medical and surgical hospitals
The Jackson Laboratory Bar Harbor 1,001 to 1,500 Research and Development in Biotechnology
Circle K Statewide 1,001 to 1,500 Gasoline stations with convenience stores
Lowe's Home Centers LLC Statewide 1,001 to 1,500 Home centers
Goodwill Industries of Northern N E Statewide 1,001 to 1,500 Vocational rehabilitation services
UPS Solutions Statewide 1,001 to 1,500 Couriers and express delivery services
S D Warren Statewide 1,001 to 1,500 Paper, except newsprint, mills
Bowdoin College Brunswick 1,001 to 1,500 Colleges and universities
Idexx Laboratories Inc. Westbrook 1,001 to 1,500 Pharmaceutical preparation manufacturing
Rite Aid of Maine Inc. Statewide 1,001 to 1,500 Pharmacies and drug stores
Maine Behavioral Healthcare Statewide 1,001 to 1,500 Psychiatric and substance abuse hospitals
St Joseph Hospital Inc. Bangor 1,001 to 1,500 General medical and surgical hospitals
Bonney Staffing Center Inc. Statewide 1,001 to 1,500 Temporary help services
York Hospital Statewide 1,001 to 1,500 General medical and surgical hospitals
Aroostook Medical Center Statewide 1,001 to 1,500 General medical and surgical hospitals
Penobscot Bay Medical Center Statewide 1,001 to 1,500 General medical and surgical hospitals
Athena Health Inc. Belfast 501 to 1,000 Office administrative services
Bank of America NA Statewide 501 to 1,000 Commercial banking
EMHS Brewer 501 to 1,000 Office administrative services
Bates College Lewiston 501 to 1,000 Colleges and universities
Colby College Waterville 501 to 1,000 Colleges and universities
Wex LLC South Portland 501 to 1,000 Financial transaction processing and clearing
Central Maine Power Co Statewide 501 to 1,000 Electric power distribution
Perrier Group- Poland Spring Waterville 501 to 1,000 Bottled water manufacturing
Target Corporation Statewide 501 to 1,000 Department Stores
New Balance Athletic Shoe Inc. Statewide 501 to 1,000 Footwear manufacturing
Mardens Inc. Statewide 501 to 1,000 Residential mental and substance abuse care
Bangor Savings Bank Statewide 501 to 1,000 Savings institutions
T Mobile USA Inc Oakland 501 to 1,000 Telemarketing and other contact centers
Cianbro Corporation Pittsfield 501 to 1,000 Highway, street, and bridge construction
Martins Point Health Care Inc Statewide 501 to 1,000 Offices of physicians, except mental health
Dead River Company Statewide 501 to 1,000 Fuel dealers
Idexx Distribution Inc Westbrook 501 to 1,000 Other professional equip. merchant wholesaler
Source: Maine Department of Labor Center for Workforce Research and Information
PORTLAND INTERNATIONAL JETPORT
Top 50 Private Employers in the Primary & Secondary Trade Areas
As of December 2017 
24 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Schedule 9
Total
Name County Students Status
Bates College Androscoggin 1,787             Private
Bowdoin College Cumberland 1,816             Private
Central Maine Community College Androscoggin 2,945             Public
Colby College Kennebec 1,917             Private
Kaplan University Cumberland, Androscoggin 1,096             Private
Maine College of Art Cumberland 517                Private
Maine College of Health Professions Androscoggin 188                Private
Saint Joseph's College Cumberland 2,291             Private
Southern Maine Community College Cumberland 5,972             Public
Thomas College Kennebec 1,802             Private
University of Maine Augusta Kennebec 4,014             Public
University of New England Cumberland, York 8,281             Private
University of Southern Maine Cumberland 7,794             Public
York County Community College Cumberland 1,708             Public
Source:  National Center for Education Statistics
PORTLAND INTERNATIONAL JETPORT
Registered Students at Colleges and
Universities in the Primary Trade Area
As of December 2017 
25 
 
2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009
Administration 10 10 10 8 8 8 9 9 9 9
A i r f i e l d 1 7 1 71 51 61 71 71 71 71 71 7
Security / Comm. Center 14.5 7.5 12 11 11 10 10 10 10 9
Terminal 11 16 12 13 13 12 11 10 10 10
Total Employees 52.5 50.5 49 48 49 47 47 46 46 45
NOTES:
1.  Control tower not staffed by Jetport personnel.
2.  Loading bridges not staffed by Jetport personnel.
3.  Janitorial services are contracted out to a private operator.
4.  Parking management services are contracted out to a private operator.
5.  Police officers and ARFF employees are provided by City of Portland's Police and Fire Departments
    and costs are reimbursed by the Jetport.
6. Vehicles and equipment are the responsibility of Airfield employees; some work is contracted out to a private operator.
PORTLAND INTERNATIONAL JETPORT
Jetport Employees
Last Ten Fiscal Years
Full-time-Equivalent Employees as of Fiscal Year-End
Schedule 10 
26 
 
 
AIRLINE 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009
Air Canada / Air Alliance -            -             -             -             -             4,095     5,838      6,463      1,004      -            
AirTran -            -             -             -             -             67,349   94,721    99,466    110,154  96,618    
Continental Airlines
   Colgan / Continental Connection -            -             -             -             -             6,147     44,389    73,130    74,304    68,881    
   Continental Express / ExpressJet -            -             -             -             -             55,418   33,056    8,676      12,813    14,512    
   Trans State Airlines -            -             -             -             -             95           1,412     -            -             -             
Delta 95,270    106,069 102,962  100,639  110,974  125,867  101,601  75,435    27,881    12,850    
   Atlantic Southeast Airlines -            -             -             -             -             -             -             3,672     15,799    40,638    
   Chautauqua -            -             -             9,167     24,446    3,176      17,151    14,925    563        -            
   Comair -            -             -             -             -             344        6,209      19,044    13,965    26,354    
   Compass -            -             74           -             4,815     9,048      -             2,713     2,538      -            
   Endeavor Air 103,954 62,479    56,689    55,025    17,115    -            -             -             -             -             
   ExpressJet 15,087    34,646    31,670    20,325    7,064      9,367      -            -             -             -             
   Freedom Air -            -             -             -             -             -             -             -             -             38,732   
   Go Jet 26,378    17,416    6,702      14,332    29,409    20,515    8,125      -            -             -             
   Mesaba -            -             -             -             -             -             -             94           59           -             
   Pinnacle -            -             -             -             20,620   43,615    60,356    35,920    26,563    2,468      
   Shuttle America 172         610         22,063    18,288    8,675     21,307    6,905      721        -            -             
   Skywest Airlines 7,067      1,546      -            -             -             -             -             -             -             -             
Elite Airways 7,671      8,008      2,964      -            -             -             -             -             -             -             
JetBlue 88,193    92,826    98,298    99,730    102,522 99,925    104,272  116,839  135,571  143,235  
Northwest -            -             -             -             -             -             -             -             -             65           
   Comair -            -             -             -             -             -             -             805        4,608      -            
   Mesaba -            -             -             -             -             -             -             -             3,090     49,089    
   Pinnacle -            -             -             -             -             -             -             23,955   47,435    6,034      
Southwest 150,167 148,624  130,567  127,060  116,939  25,411    -            -             -             -             
Starlink Aviation -            -             -             -             -             -             -             -             945        551         
Twin Cities Air Service -            -             -             -             -             433         779         717         246         -            
U.S. Airways / American Airlines 96,194    75,954    47,034   43,605    45,593    42,009    50,134    41,704    26,882    -            
   Air Wisconsin 19,742    40,538    54,615    59,737    49,131    54,497    65,584    70,642    82,891    105,579  
   Chautauqua -            -             -             -             80           -             -             -             48           11,024   
Envoy 7,302      -            -             -             -             -             -             -             -             -             
   Mesa -            -             -             2,456     330        -             -            1,210      -            9,409     
   Piedmont 25,016    17,714    2,215      -            -             363        12,717   10,126    1,848      1,975      
   PSA Express 73,384    54,257    55,428    379        1,187      43          -            904        2,253      1,776      
   Republic Airlines 45,334    66,883    91,418    129,478 131,801  123,752  112,659  126,088  146,453  110,536  
   Trans State Airlines 9,739      3,046      -            -             -             -             -             -             -             -             
United Airlines 35,330    7,974      -            -             -             -             -             -             -             -             
   Air Wisconsin 17,148    -            -             -             -             34,555   -            -             -             291        
   Atlantic Southeast Airlines -            -             -             -             -             -             -             22,107   2,304      -            
   Commute Air 32,424    11,597   -            -             -             -             -             -             -             -             
   ExpressJet 36,820    79,365    65,903    34,175    59,303   -            32,895   822        -            -             
   Go Jet 4,221      9,456      26,657    30,519    20,472    26,803    18,619    38,253    79,389    73,916    
   Mesa 13,746    28,954    25,827    23,522    28,834    7,724      30,487    54,645    36,955    47,052    
   Republic Airlines 35,793    28,584    26,600    62,989    54,431    11,464    -            -             -             -             
   Shuttle America -            3,368     25,441    8,473      -            -             -             -             -             -             
   Skywest 10,083    -            -             -             -             -             -             -             -             -             
   Trans State Airlines 13,448    12,999    3,123      2,885      9,407      25,219    16,256    -            2,126     -            
Subtotal 969,683 912,913  876,250  842,784  843,148  818,541  824,165  849,076  858,687  861,585  
Charters and Unscheduled Flights 966         1,424      148        730         1,156      963        1,045      911        971         905         
Local Total 970,649 914,337  876,398  843,514  844,304  819,504  825,210  849,987  859,658  862,490  
Total for United States (000)'s (a) 856,287 830,079  800,087  760,847  738,616  731,130  725,262  711,264  695,912  
Local Market Share of US Total (b) 0.107% 0.106% 0.105% 0.111% 0.111% 0.113% 0.117% 0.121% 0.124%
(a) Source - Jetport's fiscal year enplanement data
(b) Source - Federal Aviation Administration calendar year enplanement data
PORTLAND INTERNATIONAL JETPORT
Schedule of Enplanement Data
Last Ten Fiscal Years
Schedule 11 
27 
 
Schedule 12
Average
2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 A nnual Change
Majors / Nationals 4,612     4,071      3,636    3,471    3,572    4,989    4,456    3,517    3,311    3,152    4.80%
Regionals / Commuters 9,534     9,316      9,217    8,472    8,817    8,466    10,483  11,345  11,861  13,155  -3.33%
Cargo 1,559     1,540      1,581    1,523    1,505    1,637    1,725    1,850    1,733    1,946    -4.17%
Total 15,705   14,927    14,434  13,466  13,894  15,092  16,664  16,712  16,905  18,253  -2.07%
          Note:  General Aviation operations not documented by Jetport.
PORTLAND INTERNATIONAL JETPORT
Takeoff and Landing Operations Summary
Last Ten Fiscal Years 
28 
 
 
 
Schedule 13
Passenger Airlines 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009
Air Canada / Air Alliance -               -               -               -               -                403          681           670          87            -               
AirTran -               -               -               -               -                769          1,095        1,082        1,200       1,057       
Continental Airlines -               -               -               -               -                1,257       -               -               -               -                
   Colgan / Continental Connection -                -               -               -               -                111          823           1,333       1,335       -               
   Continental Express / ExpressJet -                -               -               -               -               -               800           194          297          532          
   Trans State Airlines -               -               -               -               -               2              39             -               -               -                
Delta 731          803          756          752          849          1,052        803          635          221          107          
   Atlantic Southeast Airlines -               -               -               -               -               -                -                58            231           640          
   Chautauqua -               -               -               200           529          70            376           362          13            -               
   Comair -               -               -               -               -               7              140           406          970          627          
   Compass -               -               1              -               72             159           -               50             38            -               
   Endeavor 1,906       1,185       939          893          340          -               -                -               -               -                
   ExpressJet 260          589          537          366          143          162          -               -               -               -                
   Freedom Air -               -               -               -               -               -                -                -               -                1,042       
   Go Jet 391          283          131          252          546          403          154          -               -               -                
   Mesaba -               -               -               -               -               -                -                2              1              -                
   Pinnacle -               -               -               -               466           1,008        1,394       857           402          46             
   Shuttle America 4              10             493           397          152          348          140           15            -               -                
   Sky West 106          23            -                -               -               -                -                -               -               -                
Elite Air 252          95            95            -               -               -                -                -               -               -                
jetBlue 1,219       1,272       1,272       1,257       1,287       1,314       1,347       1,415        1,598       1,822       
Northwest -               -               -               -               -               -                -                -               -               1               
   Comair -               -               -               -               -               -                -                17            74            -               
   Mesaba -               -               -               -               -               -                -                -               42             810           
   Pinnacle -               -               -               -               -               -                -                520          1,071        139          
Starlink -               -               -               -               -               -                -                -               158           165          
Southwest 1,205       1,232       1,104       1,075       1,013       223          -               -               -               -                
Twin Cities Air Service -               -               -               -               -                100          191           192          61            -               
U.S. Airways 891          669          409          387          423          374          530           385          292          -               
   Air Wisconsin 453          966          1,305        1,366       1,164       1,360       1,728       1,887        2,352       2,935       
   Chautauqua -               -               -               -               -               -                -                -               -                394          
   Colgan -               -               -               -               -               -                -                -               -                1,313       
   Envoy 179          -               -               -               -               -                -                -               -               -                
   Mesa -               -               -               38             6              -                -                17            -               123           
   Piedmont 605          450          67            -               -               15             574           452          80            98             
   PSA Express 1,405       1,018       1,037       6              20             1              4               16            98            459           
   Republic Airlines 733          1,135        1,441       1,983       1,982       2,088       1,987       2,051        2,304       1,786       
   Trans State Airlines 247          -               -               -               -               -                -                -               -               -                
United Airlines 314          82            -                -               -               -                -                -               -               -                
   Air Wisconsin 384          -               -               -               -               -                -                -               -               -                
   Atlantic Southeast Airlines -               -               -               -               -               -                99            556           63            -               
   Chautauqua -               -               -               -               2              -                -                -               -               -                
   Commut Air 738          270          -                -               -               -                -                -               -               -                
   ExpressJet 771          1,898        1,501       791          1,418        833          766           17            -               -                
   Go-Jet 64            148           423          499          341          466          318           706          1,429        1,303       
   Mesa 222          473          407          420          504          139          538           948          676          892          
   Republic Airlines 583          407          448          1,022        893          194          -               -               -               -                
   Sky West 149          -               -               -               -               -                -                -               -               -                
   Shuttle America -               59             414           145          -                -                -                -               -               -                
 Trans State Airlines 317          291          69            70            215           575          388          -               69             6              
Charters & Unscheduled Flights 17             29            4              24             26            22            24             19            10            10             
Subtotal 14,146     13,387     12,853     11,943     12,391      13,455     14,939     14,862      15,172      16,307      
Cargo Carriers
AIRNOW -               -               -               -               -               -                -                -               -               2               
DHL/Airborne Express -               -               -               -               -               -                -                -               -                112          
Federal Express 350          308          307          323          318          310          316           308          309          462          
   Wiggins 1,209       1,232       1,274       1,200       1,187       1,327       1,409       1,542        1,424       1,370       
Subtotal 1,559       1,540       1,581       1,523       1,505       1,637       1,725       1,850        1,733       1,946       
Total 15,705     14,927     14,434     13,466     13,896      15,092     16,664     16,712      16,905      18,253      
PORTLAND INTERNATIONAL JETPORT
Takeoff and Landing Operations by Airline or Cargo Carrier
Last Ten Fiscal Years 
29 
 
 
 
 
2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009
Scheduled Air Carriers
Air Canada / Air Alliance -                -                -                -                -                6,696        11,305      11,140      1,451        -                
AirTran -                -                -                -                -                80,288      115,008    116,464    119,392     110,624     
Continental
   Colgan / Continental Connection -                -                -                -                -                6,882        51,026      82,616      82,708      -                
   Commutair -                -                -                -                -                -                -                -                -                -                
   Continental Express / ExpressJet -                -                -                -                -                55,142      34,787      8,098        12,437      16,244      
   Trans State Airlines -                -                -                -                -                85             1,659         -                -                -                
Delta 97,698       103,699     102,689     104,051     118,692    148,247    113,100    82,539      28,730      13,910      
   Atlantic Southeast Airlines -                -                -                -                -                -                -                3,959        16,925      42,856      
   Chautauqua -                -                -                8,510        23,700      2,978        15,998      15,701      4,778        -                
   Comair -                -                -                -                -                369            8,228        21,419      46,515      29,602      
   Compass -                -                75              -                 5,373        11,830      -                3,748        2,850        -                
   Endeavor 128,785     73,515      65,916      64,308      18,668      -                -                -                -                -                
   ExpressJet 17,790       39,347      35,747      23,549      7,367        9,283        -                -                -                -                
   Freedom Air -                -                -                -                -                -                -                -                -                45,556      
   Go Jet 27,544       19,366      8,809        16,884      36,582       27,001      10,318      -                -                -                
   Mesaba -                -                -                -                -                -                -                94             75              -                 
   Pinnacle -                -                -                -                21,902      47,376       65,518      41,010      30,190      3,456        
   Shuttle America 291           729            21,557      18,795      11,130      25,509       10,110      1,104        -                -                
   Sky West 7,515         1,671        -                -                -                -                -                -                -                -                
Elite Airways 13,564       12,733      5,425        -                -                -                -                -                -                -                
jetBlue 118,831     116,762     123,700     122,381     125,343    128,272    132,467    149,789    174,668     188,370     
Northwest -                -                -                -                -                -                -                -                -                99             
   Comair -                -                -                -                -                -                -                799            -                -                
   Mesaba -                -                -                -                -                -                -                -                3,154        58,302      
   Pinnacle -                -                -                -                -                -                -                24,440      50,337      6,533        
Southwest 157,219     156,506     140,288     131,722     123,956    28,068      -                -                -                -                
Starlink -                -                -                -                -                -                -                -                1,599        1,781        
Twin Cities Air Service -                -                -                -                -                685            1,308        1,306        329           -                
U.S. Airways 116,425     91,992      56,335      52,034      58,872       51,127      65,340      53,062      11,024      -                
   Air Wisconsin 21,291       45,402      61,335      64,202      54,708      63,920       81,216      88,689      110,544     137,945     
   Chautauqua -                -                -                -                -                -                -                -                42,549      16,763      
   Colgan -                -                -                -                -                -                -                -                -                81,406      
   Envoy 8,530         -                -                -                -                -                -                -                -                -                
   Mesa -                -                -                2,793        441           -                -                1,250        -                9,041        
   Piedmont 26,408       19,643      2,925        -                -                509            19,502       15,330      2,678        3,363        
   PSA Express 93,777       71,298      69,012      282           1,269         47             188           912           4,062         2,135        
   Republic 54,936       85,070      107,060    146,907    136,621     154,880     142,791    152,188    171,621     132,486     
   Trans State Airlines 10,782       3,579        -                -                -                -                -                -                -                -                
United 52,631       10,722      -                -                -                -                -                -                -                -                
   Air Wisconsin 18,048       -                -                -                -                -                -                2,810        -                -                
   Atlantic Southeast Airlines -                -                -                -                -                -                4,653        26,132      2,961        -                
   Chautauqua -                -                -                -                85             -                 -                -                -                -                
   Commut Air 31,122       81,998      -                -                -                -                -                -                -                -                
   ExpressJet 38,497       83,042      64,283      35,096      62,892      35,068       33,663      744           -                -                
   Go-Jet 4,288         9,916        28,341      33,433      22,847      31,222       21,306      47,302      95,743      87,301      
   Mesa 14,874       31,691      27,269      28,140      33,768      9,313        36,046      63,516      43,211      57,403      
   Republic 42,355       29,828      30,028      63,364      55,366      12,028       -                -                -                -                
   Shuttle America -                4,266        29,937      10,485      -                -                -                -                -                -                
   Sky West 11,155       -                -                -                -                -                -                -                -                -                
   Trans State Airlines 13,897       12,775      2,979        2,981        9,107        24,466       16,509      -                2,936        255           
Charters & Unscheduled Flights 2,262         3,663        388           2,328        2,522        2,262        2,589        1,891        1,133        1,030        
Subtotal 1,130,514 1,109,213  984,098     932,245     931,211     963,553     994,635    1,018,052  1,064,600  1,046,461  
Cargo Carriers
AIRNOW -                -                -                -                -                -                -                -                -                85             
DHL/Airborne Express -                -                -                -                -                -                -                -                59,352      11,423      
Federal Express 72,653       61,436      60,786      64,065      63,468      59,257      59,331      57,162      14,285      77,552      
   Wiggins 11,350       11,393      13,735      11,036      10,945      12,001       12,761      14,156      -                12,516      
Subtotal 84,003       72,829      74,521      75,101      74,413       71,258      72,092      71,318      73,637      101,576    
Total 1,214,517 1,182,042  1,058,619  1,007,346  1,005,624  1,034,811  1,066,727  1,089,370  1,138,237  1,148,037  
PORTLAND INTERNATIONAL JETPORT
Airline Landed Weights  (in thousands of pounds)
Last Ten Fiscal Years
Schedule 14 
30 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sched ule 15
Trip Total O & D Trip Total O & D
Rank Market Length (1) Passengers Rank Market Length (1) Passengers
1         New York LGA/JFK/EWR SH 206,807 1         New York LGA/JFK/EWR SH 195,962
2         Washington DCA/IAD/BWI SH 206,534 2         Washington DCA/IAD/BWI SH 185,259
3         Atlanta MH 78,645 3         Atlanta MH 75,421
4         Orlando MH 65,684 4         Orlando MH 72,113
5         Fort Lauderdale MIA/FLL/PBI MH 63,352 5         Fort Lauderdale MIA/FLL/PBI MH 58,301
6         Philadelphia SH 54,700 6         Philadelphia SH 53,796
7         Tampa MH 49,389 7         Tampa MH 51,173
8         Chicago MH 48,335 8         Chicago MH 47,221
9         Charlotte MH 47,430 9         Charlotte MH 46,281
10       San Francisco SFO/OAK/SJC LH 41,483 10        San Francisco SFO/OAK/SJC LH 38,236
11       Denver LH 36,987 11        Denver LH 38,181
12       Los Angeles LAX/SNA/ONT/BUR/LGB LH 36,075 12        Los Angeles LAX/SNA/ONT/BUR/LGB LH 37,628
13       Fort Myers MH 36,020 13        Fort Myers MH 29,093
14       Detroit MH 28,730 14        Detroit MH 27,293
15       Raleigh/Durham MH 27,794 15        Raleigh/Durham MH 25,354
16       Phoenix LH 27,100 16        Phoenix LH 25,164
17       Minneapolis MH 27,094 17        Minneapolis MH 24,080
18       Jacks onville MH 26,912 18        Jacks onville MH 22,823
19       San Diego LH 21,651 19        San Diego LH 22,755
20       Las Vegas LH 21,478 20        Las Vegas LH 22,362
21       Nas hville MH 20,482 21        Nas hville MH 20,186
22       New Orleans MH 20,153 22        New Orleans MH 18,531
23       Dallas/Forth Worth MH 20,010 23        Dallas/Forth Worth MH 18,001
24       Seattle/Tacoma LH 19,251 24        Seattle/Tacoma LH 17,979
25       Austin MH 17,719 25        Austin MH 17,462
Notes:
(1) SH = Short Haul = 0 to 600 miles     MH = Medium Haul = 601 to 1,800 miles     LH = Long Haul = over 1,800 miles
CY 2017 CY 2016
PORTLAND INTERNATIONAL JETPORT
Primary Origin and Destination Passenger Markets
Calendar Years 2017 & 2016 
31 
 
Schedule 16
Location: 3 miles west of downtown Portland, Maine
Area: 769 acres
Elevation 74 ft.
Airport Code: PWM
Runways: 11/29 7,200 ft. x 150 ft.  CAT III ILS / GPS / LAHSO
18/36 6,100 ft. x 150 ft.  GPS / LAHSO
Terminal: Exclusive Use 28,766       sq. ft.
Common Use 134,887     sq. ft.
Public / City 79,649       sq. ft.
Vendor Space 21,594       sq. ft.
Mechanical 15,957       sq. ft.
Vacant 13,501       sq. ft.
Total 294,354     sq. ft.
Number of passenger gates: 14       
Number of loading bridges 10      
Number of Concessionaires in Terminal 2        
 - HMS Host  (Food & Beverage services)
 - Paradies     (Newstands / Gift Shops)
Number of Rental Car agencies on Airport 7        
 - Al am o
 - Avi s 
 - Budget
 -  Dollar
 - Enterprise
 - Hertz
 - National 
Other Buildings: Maintenance Building 34,046       sq. ft.
Lighting Vault 3,026         sq. ft.
Salt & Sand Shed 5,625         sq. ft.
Apron: Commercial Airlines 175,906     sq. ft.
Cargo Airlines 81,000       sq. ft.
FBO 541,500     sq. ft.
Parking: Spaces Assigned: Short-term 180    
Long-term 2,325  
North Lot & Discount Lot 548    
Employee Lot 576     
Car Rental Ready Spaces 238    
Total 3,867  
Cargo: N/A - all buildings are owned by 3rd party developers, who pay ground leases only.
Tower: ASR-9  5:45 am - 12:00 am, 7 days/week
International: Customs / Immigration services available upon request
Full-Service FBOs: NorthEast Airmotive
MAC Jets
PORTLAND INTERNATIONAL JETPORT
Capital Asset Information
As of June 30, 20184474669.4 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[This page left intentionally blank.]4474669.4 
APPENDIX B 
 
 
CITY OF PORTLAND, MAINE 
GENERAL AIRPORT REFUNDING REVENUE BONDS, SERIES 2019 (Non-AMT) 
(GREEN BONDS) 
FORM OF OPINION OF BOND COUNSEL 
  4474669.4 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[This page left intentionally blank.]PIERCE ATWOQDj 
Merrill's Wharf 
254 Commercial Street 
Portland, ME 04101 - 1110 
207 - 791-1100 voice 
207-791-1350 fax 
i nfo@pierceatwood.com 
pierceatwood. com 
Upon issuance and delivery of the Series 2019 Bonds described herein, Pierce Atwood LLP, Portland, 
Maine, Bond Counsel, proposes to issue its opinion in substantially the following form: 
December_, 2019 
City of Portland, Maine 
389 Congress Street 
Portland, Maine 04101 
RE: $ ,000 * City of Portland, Maine General Airport Refunding Revenue Bonds 
Series 2019 (Non-AMT) (Green Bonds) 
Ladies and Gentlemen: 
We have acted as Bond Counsel to the City of Portland, as issuer (the "City") in connection 
with the issuance of the City's $ ,000 * General Airport Refunding Revenue Bonds, 
Series 2019 (Non-AMT) (Green Bonds) dated December_, 2019 (the "Series 2019 Bonds"). 
The Series 2019 Bonds are being issued pursuant to a General Certificate of Terms of Issuance 
of General Airport Revenue Bonds - Portland International Jetport dated as of July 1, 2003 
(the "General Certificate") and a Sixth Supplemental Certificate thereto dated as of December 
1, 2019 (the "Sixth Supplement"). 
The proceeds of the Series 2019 Bonds, along with other available funds, will be used (i) to 
refund all of the principal outstanding of the City's General Airport Revenue Bonds, Series 
2010 dated April 28, 2010 (the "Prior Bonds"), (ii) [to fund the Series 2019 Account of the 
Debt Service Reserve Fund in the amount of (together with other available funds) the 2019 
Debt Service Fund Requirement, and (iii)] to pay certain expenses incurred in connection with 
the issuance of the Series 2019 Bonds. The Prior Bonds were issued to finance the design 
and construction of new parking facilities and related improvements at the Portland 
International Jetport (the "Jetport") and the acquisition and installation of certain equipment 
and other improvements thereat (the "Original Project"). 
The Series 2019 Bonds are limited obligations of the City, payable solely from certain revenues 
of the Portland International Jetport pledged therefor as specified in and pursuant to the 
General Certificate (the "Revenues") on a parity with the City's $20,695,000 General Airport 
Refunding Revenue Bonds, Series 2016 (Non-AMT) and its $26,265,000 General Airport 
Revenue Refunding Bonds, Series 2013, together with any additional bonds that may 
hereafter be issued by the City for Jetport purposes pursuant to the General Certificate. The 
Series 2019 Bonds do not constitute a debt or liability of the City or a pledge of the faith and 
* Preliminary, subject to change. 
1148 8975.2 
PORTLAND , ME BOSTON , MA PORTSMOUTH, NH PROVIDENCE, RI AUGUSTA, ME STOCKHOLM , SE WASHINGTON, DC 
PIERCE ATWOODj 
Merrill's Wharf 
254 Commercial Street 
Portland, ME 04101-1110 
207 -791 - 1100 voice 
207-791-1350 fax 
i nfo@pierceatwood.com 
pierceatwood. com 
Upon issuance and delivery of the Series 2019 Bonds described herein, Pierce Atwood LLP, Portland, 
Maine, Bond Counsel, proposes to issue its opinion in substantially the following form: 
December _, 2019 
City of Portland, Maine 
389 Congress Street 
Portland, Maine 04101 
RE: $ ,000 * City of Portland, Maine General Airport Refunding Revenue Bonds 
Series 2019 (Non-AMT) (Green Bonds) 
Ladies and Gentlemen: 
We have acted as Bond Counsel to the City of Portland, as issuer (the "City") in connection 
with the issuance of the City's $ ,000 * General Airport Refunding Revenue Bonds, 
Series 2019 (Non-AMT) (Green Bonds) dated December _, 2019 (the "Series 2019 Bonds"). 
The Series 2019 Bonds are being issued pursuant to a General Certificate of Terms of Issuance 
of General Airport Revenue Bonds - Portland International Jetport dated as of July 1, 2003 
(the "General Certificate") and a Sixth Supplemental Certificate thereto dated as of December 
1, 2019 (the "Sixth Supplement"). 
The proceeds of the Series 2019 Bonds, along with other available funds, will be used (i) to 
refund all of the principal outstanding of the City's General Airport Revenue Bonds, Series 
2010 dated April 28, 2010 (the "Prior Bonds"), (i i) [to fund the Series 2019 Account of the 
Debt Service Reserve Fund in the amount of (together with other available funds) the 2019 
Debt Service Fund Requirement, and (iii)] to pay certain expenses incurred in connection with 
the issuance of the Series 2019 Bonds. The Prior Bonds were issued to finance the design 
and construction of new parking facilities and related improvements at the Portland 
International Jetport (the "Jetport") and the acquisition and installation of certain eqUipment 
and other improvements thereat (the "Original Project"). 
The Series 2019 Bonds are limited obligations ofthe City, payable solely from certain revenues 
of the Portland International Jetport pledged therefor as specified in and pursuant to the 
General Certificate (the "Revenues") on a parity with the City's $20,695,000 General Airport 
Refunding Revenue Bonds, Series 2016 (Non-AMT) and its $26,265,000 General Airport 
Revenue Refunding Bonds, Series 2013, together with any additional bonds that may 
hereafter be issued by the City for Jetport purposes pursuant to the General Certificate. The 
Series 2019 Bonds do not constitute a debt or liability of the City or a pledge of the faith and 
• Preliminary, subject to change. 
11488975 .2 
PORTLAND , ME BOSTON, MA PORTSMOUTH, NH PROVIDENCE, RI AUGUSTA, ME STOCKHOLM , SE WASHINGTON, DC 
B-1City of Portland, Maine 
December_, 2019 
Page 2 
credit of the City and the City is not obligated to levy or pledge any form of taxation whatever 
therefor or to make any appropriation for payment thereof except from the foregoing 
Revenues pledged therefor. 
The Series 2019 Bonds have been signed by the Director of Finance of the City and the Mayor, 
sealed with the seal of the City attested by its Clerk, and bear the signed certificate of the 
certifying agent identified thereon. 
We understand the Series 2019 Bonds are dated as of December_, 2019, and have been 
issued as [serial] bonds in the denominations, bearing interest payable on each January 1 
and July 1 until maturity or redemption prior to maturity, commencing July 1, 2020 and 
maturing on January 1 of each year as reflected below: 
Maturity Principal Interest 
(Jan. 1) Amount* Rate 
2021 $ % 
2022 $ % 
2023 $ % 
2024 $ % 
2025 $ % 
2026 $ % 
2027 $ % 
2028 $ % 
2029 $ % 
2030 $ % 
2031 $ % 
2032 $ % 
2033 $ % 
2034 $ % 
2035 $ % 
2036 $ % 
2037 $ % 
2038 $ % 
2039 $ % 
2040 $ % 
The Series 2019 Bonds maturing on or before are not subject to optional 
redemption prior to maturity. The Series 2019 Bonds maturing on or after are 
subject to redemption from any source, at the option of the City, in whole or in part, at any 
time on or after , upon notice as provided in the Certificate, at the redemption 
price of one hundred percent (100%) of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued interest, 
if any, to the date of redemption. 
In our capacity as Bond Counsel, we have examined the law, including the Revenue Producing 
Municipal Facilities Act, Title 30-A, c. 213 of the Maine Revised Statutes, as amended, and 
the record of proceedings certified to us by the City of Portland, Maine (the "City") in 
connection with the execution and delivery of the Series 2019 Bonds, including among other 
documents, Orders No. 55-19/20 and 56-19/20 of the Portland City Council duly adopted at 
a regular meeting of the City Council on October 21, 2019 (the "Orders"), authorizing the 
execution, issuance and delivery of the Series 2019 Bonds. In such capacity, we have also 
* Preliminary, subject to change. 
11488975.2 
City of Portland, Maine 
December _, 2019 
Page 2 
credit of the City and the City is not obligated to levy or pledge any form of taxation whatever 
therefor or to make any appropriation for payment thereof except from the foregoing 
Revenues pledged therefor. 
The Series 2019 Bonds have been signed by the Director of Finance of the City and the Mayor, 
sealed with the seal of the City attested by its Clerk, and bear the signed certificate of the 
certifying agent identified thereon. 
We understand the Series 2019 Bonds are dated as of December _, 2019, and have been 
issued as [serial] bonds in the denominations, bearing interest payable on each January 1 
and July 1 until maturity or redemption prior to maturity, commencing July 1, 2020 and 
maturing on January 1 of each year as reflected below: 
Maturity Principal Interest 
(Jan. 1) Amount* Rate 
2021 $ % 
2022 $ % 
2023 $ % 
2024 $ % 
2025 $ % 
2026 $ % 
2027 $ % 
2028 $ % 
2029 $ % 
2030 $ % 
2031 $ % 
2032 $ % 
2033 $ % 
2034 $ % 
2035 $ % 
2036 $ % 
2037 $ % 
2038 $ % 
2039 $ % 
2040 $ % 
The Series 2019 Bonds maturing on or before are not subject to optional 
redemption prior to maturity. The Series 2019 Bonds maturing on or after are 
subject to redemption from any source, at the option of the City, in whole or in part, at any 
time on or after , upon notice as provided in the Certificate, at the redemption 
price of one hundred percent (100%) of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued interest, 
if any, to the date of redemption. 
In our capacity as Bond Counsel, we have examined the law, including the Revenue Producing 
Municipal Facilities Act, Title 30-A, c. 213 of the Maine Revised Statutes, as amended, and 
the record of proceedings certified to us by the City of Portland, Maine (the "City") in 
connection with the execution and delivery of the Series 2019 Bonds, including among other 
documents, Orders No. 55-19/20 and 56-19/20 of the Portland City Council duly adopted at 
a regular meeting of the City Council on October 21, 2019 (the "Orders"), authorizing the 
execution, issuance and delivery of the Series 2019 Bonds. In such capacity, we have also 
* Preliminary, subject to change. 
11488975.2 
B-2City of Portland, Maine 
December_, 2019 
Page 3 
examined such documents, records of the City and other instruments as we deemed 
necessary to enable us to express the opinions set forth below in connection with the issuance 
of the Series 2019 Bonds, including the original counterparts or certified copies of the 
following (the "Financing Documents"): 
a. the General Certificate; 
b. the Sixth Supplement; 
c. a Certificate Regarding Conditions Precedent to Issuing Series of Bonds dated as 
of December_, 2019; 
d. the Series 2019 Bonds; 
e. a Refunding Bonds Refunding Escrow Agreement dated as of December_, 2019 
between the City and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Escrow 
Agent; and 
f. a Tax Matters Certificate (the "Tax Certificate") dated as of December_, 2019; 
g. Such other agreements, documents and certificates as we deemed relevant and 
necessary in rendering this opinion as identified in the Closing Agenda dated 
December 1, 2019 prepared with respect to the issuance of the Series 2019 Bonds. 
We note that the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") establishes certain 
requirements regarding the use, expenditure and investment of the proceeds of the Series 
2019 Bonds and timely payment of certain investment earnings to the U.S. Treasury that 
must be met on a continuing basis subsequent to the issuance and delivery of the Series 2019 
Bonds in order to assure that interest thereon will be and remain excludable from gross 
income for federal income tax purposes pursuant to Section 103 of the Code. Failure of the 
City to comply with such requirements may cause interest on the Series 2019 Bonds to be 
included in the gross income of the owners thereof retroactive to the date of issuance thereof, 
regardless of when such noncompliance occurs. 
In expressing the opinion set forth in paragraph 6 below, we have examined and relied upon 
the Tax Certificate, which contain certain covenants, representations and certifications 
regarding compliance with the requirements of the Code. The City, in executing such Tax 
Certificate, (i) has set forth facts, estimates, circumstances and reasonable expectations of 
the City as of the date hereof as to future events regarding the amount, use and investment 
of the proceeds of the Series 2019 Bonds and the use of the Original Project that are material 
for purposes of Section 141 and Section 148 of the Code, and (ii) has certified that the 
information therein is true, accurate and complete, and that the City will comply with the 
covenants, provisions and procedures set forth therein and do and perform all acts and things 
necessary or desirable in order to assure that interest paid on the Series 2019 Bonds is 
excludable from the gross income of the owners thereof for federal income tax purposes. In 
rendering the opinion set forth in paragraph 6 below, we have relied upon the representations 
and certifications of the City set forth in such Tax Certificate, and we have assumed that the 
City will comply with the requirements of the Code and with the provisions and procedures 
set forth therein. 
We also note that ownership of tax-exempt obligations may result in collateral federal income 
tax consequences to certain taxpayers, including, without limitation, financial institutions, 
11488975.2 
City of Portland, Maine 
December _, 2019 
Page 3 
examined such documents, records of the City and other instruments as we deemed 
necessary to enable us to express the opinions set forth below in connection with the issuance 
of the Series 2019 Bonds, including the original counterparts or certified copies of the 
following (the "Financing Documents"): 
a. the General Certificate; 
b. the Sixth Supplement; 
c. a Certificate Regarding Conditions Precedent to Issuing Series of Bonds dated as 
of December _, 2019; 
d. the Series 2019 Bonds; 
e. a Refunding Bonds Refunding Escrow Agreement dated as of December _, 2019 
between the City and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Escrow 
Agent; and 
f. a Tax Matters Certificate (the "Tax Certificate") dated as of December _, 2019; 
g. Such other agreements, documents and certificates as we deemed relevant and 
necessary in rendering this opinion as identified in the Closing Agenda dated 
December 1, 2019 prepared with respect to the issuance of the Series 2019 Bonds. 
We note that the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") establishes certain 
requirements regarding the use, expenditure and investment of the proceeds of the Series 
2019 Bonds and timely payment of certain investment earnings to the U.S. Treasury that 
must be met on a continuing basis subsequent to the issuance and delivery of the Series 2019 
Bonds in order to assure that interest thereon will be and remain excludable from gross 
income for federal income tax purposes pursuant to Section 103 of the Code. Failure of the 
City to comply with such requirements may cause interest on the Series 2019 Bonds to be 
included in the gross income of the owners thereof retroactive to the date of issuance thereof, 
regardless of when such noncompliance occurs. 
In expressing the opinion set forth in paragraph 6 below, we have examined and relied upon 
the Tax Certificate, which contain certain covenants, representations and certifications 
regarding compliance with the requirements of the Code. The City, in executing such Tax 
Certificate, (i) has set forth facts, estimates, circumstances and reasonable expectations of 
the City as of the date hereof as to future events regarding the amount, use and investment 
of the proceeds of the Series 2019 Bonds and the use of the Original Project that are material 
for purposes of Section 141 and Section 148 of the Code, and (ii) has certified that the 
information therein is true, accurate and complete, and that the City will comply with the 
covenants, provisions and procedures set forth therein and do and perform all acts and things 
necessary or desirable in order to assure that interest paid on the Series 2019 Bonds is 
excludable from the gross income of the owners thereof for federal income tax purposes. In 
rendering the opinion set forth in paragraph 6 below, we have relied upon the representations 
and certifications of the City set forth in such Tax Certificate, and we have assumed that the 
City will comply with the requirements of the Code and with the provisions and procedures 
set forth therein. 
We also note that ownership of tax-exempt obligations may result in collateral federal income 
tax consequences to certain taxpayers, including, without limitation, financial institutions, 
11488975.2 
B-3City of Portland, Maine 
December_, 2019 
Page 4 
property and casualty insurance companies, certain foreign corporations doing business in 
the United States, certain S corporations with excess passive income, individual recipients of 
Social Security or Railroad Retirement benefits and taxpayers who may be deemed to have 
incurred or continued indebtedness to purchase or carry tax-exempt obligations. Owners of 
the Series 2019 Bonds should consult their tax advisors regarding the applicability of any such 
collateral tax consequences of owning the Series 2019 Bonds. 
On the basis of the foregoing, we are of the opinion that: 
1. Under the Constitution and laws of the State of Maine, the City has been duly created 
and validly exists as a body corporate and politic and a municipality under the name 
of the City of Portland with lawful power and authority to adopt the Orders and to 
execute, issue and deliver the General Certificate, the Sixth Supplement and the Series 
2019 Bonds. 
2. The General Certificate and the Sixth Supplement have been duly authorized, are in 
full force and effect, and are valid and binding upon the City, enforceable in accordance 
with their respective terms. 
3. The General Certificate and the Sixth Supplement create a valid pledge of the 
Revenues, the proceeds of the Series 2019 Bonds and the amounts on deposit in 
certain of the Funds established in the General Certificate, subject to the application 
thereof to the purposes and on the conditions permitted by the General Certificate and 
the Sixth Supplement. 
4. All conditions required by the General Certificate and the Sixth Supplement authorizing 
the Series 2019 Bonds precedent to the issuance of the Series 2019 Bonds have been 
met. 
5. The Series 2019 Bonds are in proper form, and have been duly authorized, executed 
and issued and are valid and binding limited obligations of the City, payable as to 
principal, premium, if any, and interest solely from the Revenues pledged therefor, 
enforceable in accordance with their terms. 
6. Under existing law, interest payable on the Series 2019 Bonds is excludable from the 
gross income of the owners thereof for federal income tax purposes pursuant to 
Section 103 of the Code except for interest on any Series 2019 Bond during any period 
in which it is held by a person who is a "substantial user" of the Original Project or a 
"related person" within the meaning of Section 147(a) of the Code. In addition, such 
interest is not an item of tax preference for purposes of calculating the alternative 
minimum tax under the Code. 
7. Pursuant to 30-A MRSA §5413, the Series 2019 Bonds, and their transfer and the 
income from the Series 2019 Bonds, including any profit made on the sale of the Series 
2019 Bonds, is free from taxation within the State. 
8. Section 1201 of the Certificate provides that any Bonds Outstanding under the 
Certificate shall be deemed to have been paid, and the covenants, agreements and 
other obligations of the City to the holders of such Bonds shall be discharged and 
satisfied, if certain redemption instructions and notices are given as provided in Section 
1201(b) and the City shall have deposited with the Trustee either moneys or 
Defeasance Obligations (after taking into account the principal installments of and/or 
11488975.2 
City of Portland, Maine 
December _, 2019 
Page 4 
property and casualty insurance companies, certain foreign corporations doing business in 
the United States, certain S corporations with excess passive income, individual recipients of 
Social Security or Railroad Retirement benefits and taxpayers who may be deemed to have 
incurred or continued indebtedness to purchase or carry tax-exempt obligations. Owners of 
the Series 2019 Bonds should consult their tax advisors regarding the applicability of any such 
collateral tax consequences of owning the Series 2019 Bonds. 
On the basis of the foregoing, we are of the opinion that: 
1. Under the Constitution and laws of the State of Maine, the City has been duly created 
and validly exists as a body corporate and politic and a municipality under the name 
of the City of Portland with lawful power and authority to adopt the Orders and to 
execute, issue and deliver the General Certificate, the Sixth Supplement and the Series 
2019 Bonds. 
2. The General Certificate and the Sixth Supplement have been duly authorized, are in 
full force and effect, and are valid and binding upon the City, enforceable in accordance 
with their respective terms. 
3. The General Certificate and the Sixth Supplement create a valid pledge of the 
Revenues, the proceeds of the Series 2019 Bonds and the amounts on deposit in 
certain of the Funds established in the General Certificate, subject to the application 
thereof to the purposes and on the conditions permitted by the General Certificate and 
the Sixth Supplement. 
4. All conditions required by the General Certificate and the Sixth Supplement authorizing 
the Series 2019 Bonds precedent to the issuance of the Series 2019 Bonds have been 
met. 
5. The Series 2019 Bonds are in proper form, and have been duly authorized, executed 
and issued and are valid and binding limited obligations of the City, payable as to 
principal, premium, if any, and interest solely from the Revenues pledged therefor, 
enforceable in accordance with their terms. 
6. Under existing law, interest payable on the Series 2019 Bonds is excludable from the 
gross income of the owners thereof for federal income tax purposes pursuant to 
Section 103 of the Code except for interest on any Series 2019 Bond during any period 
in which it is held by a person who is a "substantial user" of the Original Project or a 
"related person" within the meaning of Section 147(a) of the Code. In addition, such 
interest is not an item of tax preference for purposes of calculating the alternative 
minimum tax under the Code. 
7. Pursuant to 30-A MRSA §5413, the Series 2019 Bonds, and their transfer and the 
income from the Series 2019 Bonds, including any profit made on the sale ofthe Series 
2019 Bonds, is free from taxation within the State. 
8. Section 1201 of the Certificate provides that any Bonds Outstanding under the 
Certificate shall be deemed to have been paid, and the covenants, agreements and 
other obligations of the City to the holders of such Bonds shall be discharged and 
satisfied, if certain redemption instructions and notices are given as provided in Section 
1201(b) and the City shall have deposited with the Trustee either moneys or 
Defeasance Obligations (after taking into account the principal installments of and/or 
11488975.2 
B-4City of Portland, Maine 
December_, 2019 
Page 5 
the interest on such Defeasance Obligations when due, without reinvestment), 
sufficient to pay when due the Principal Installments or Redemption Price and interest 
due and to become due on said Bonds on or prior to the redemption date or maturity 
date thereof, as the case may be. Assuming that the redemption instructions and 
notices are given as provided in Section 1201(b) and subject to paragraph (a) below, 
we are of the opinion that the Prior Bonds have been paid within the meaning and with 
the effect expressed in Section 1201 of the General Certificate, and the covenants, 
agreements and other obligations of the City to the holders of the Prior Bonds have 
been discharged and satisfied. 
a. In rendering the opinion set forth in this paragraph 8, we have relied 
without independent verification upon the report of Moors & Cabot, Inc., 
Boston, Massachusetts, a Municipal Advisor and the City's financial advisors, 
relating to the accuracy of the mathematical computations as to the adequacy 
of the maturing principal of and interest to be earned on the Defeasance 
Obligations purchased with the proceeds of the Series 2019 Bonds, together 
with the moneys on deposit with such Defeasance Obligations, to pay when due 
the principal or redemption price of and interest due and to become due on the 
Prior Bonds on the maturity or first optional redemption date thereof, as the 
case may be. 
The foregoing opinions are qualified to the extent that the enforceability of the obligations of 
the City, including the Series 2019 Bonds, may be limited by bankruptcy, moratorium, or 
insolvency or other laws affecting the rights and remedies of creditors generally and are 
subject to general principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered 
in a proceeding in equity or at law). 
We have not examined and assume no responsibility for the financial condition of the City or 
the Portland International Jetport and nothing set forth herein shall be construed as assurance 
as to the City's or the Portland International Jetport's financial condition or ability to make 
required debt service payments on the Series 2019 Bonds. 
We are not passing upon and do not assume any responsibilities for the accuracy or adequacy 
of the statements made in any Preliminary Official Statement or Official Statement, other 
offering material or similar information prepared or provided by the City with respect to the 
Series 2019 Bonds and we express no opinion, advice or representation to any person with 
respect to any such Preliminary Official Statement or Official Statement, other offering 
material or similar information. 
Except as expressly stated above, we express no opinion regarding any other federal or state 
income tax consequence of acquiring, carrying, owning or disposing of the Series 2019 Bonds. 
The opinions rendered herein are given as of the date hereof and we assume no obligation to 
update, revise or supplement such opinions to reflect any facts or circumstances that may 
hereafter come to our attention or any changes in law that may hereafter occur. 
Very truly yours, 
PIERCE ATWOOD LLP 
11488975.2 
City of Portland, Maine 
December _, 2019 
Page 5 
the interest on such Defeasance Obligations when due, without reinvestment), 
sufficient to pay when due the Principal Installments or Redemption Price and interest 
due and to become due on said Bonds on or prior to the redemption date or maturity 
date thereof, as the case may be. Assuming that the redemption instructions and 
notices are given as provided in Section 1201(b) and subject to paragraph (a) below, 
we are of the opinion that the Prior Bonds have been paid within the meaning and with 
the effect expressed in Section 1201 of the General Certificate, and the covenants, 
agreements and other obligations of the City to the holders of the Prior Bonds have 
been discharged and satisfied. 
a. In rendering the opinion set forth in this paragraph 8, we have relied 
without independent verification upon the report of Moors & Cabot, Inc., 
Boston, Massachusetts, a Municipal Advisor and the City's financial advisors, 
relating to the accuracy of the mathematical computations as to the adequacy 
of the maturing principal of and interest to be earned on the Defeasance 
Obligations purchased with the proceeds of the Series 2019 Bonds, together 
with the moneys on deposit with such Defeasance Obligations, to pay when due 
the principal or redemption price of and interest due and to become due on the 
Prior Bonds on the maturity or first optional redemption date thereof, as the 
case may be. 
The foregoing opinions are qualified to the extent that the enforceability of the obligations of 
the City, including the Series 2019 Bonds, may be limited by bankruptcy, moratorium, or 
insolvency or other laws affecting the rights and remedies of creditors generally and are 
subject to general principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered 
in a proceeding in equity or at law). 
We have not examined and assume no responsibility for the financial condition of the City or 
the Portland International Jetport and nothing set forth herein shall be construed as assurance 
as to the City's or the Portland International Jetport's financial condition or ability to make 
required debt service payments on the Series 2019 Bonds. 
We are not passing upon and do not assume any responsibilities for the accuracy or adequacy 
of the statements made in any Preliminary Official Statement or Official Statement, other 
offering material or similar information prepared or provided by the City with respect to the 
Series 2019 Bonds and we express no opinion, advice or representation to any person with 
respect to any such Preliminary Official Statement or Official Statement, other offering 
material or similar information. 
Except as expressly stated above, we express no opinion regarding any other federal or state 
income tax consequence of acquiring, carrying, owning or disposing of the Series 2019 Bonds. 
The opinions rendered herein are given as of the date hereof and we assume no obligation to 
update, revise or supplement such opinions to reflect any facts or circumstances that may 
hereafter come to our attention or any changes in law that may hereafter occur. 
Very truly yours, 
PIERCE ATWOOD LLP 
11488975.2 
B-54474669.4 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[This page left intentionally blank.]4474669.4 
APPENDIX C 
 
 
CITY OF PORTLAND, MAINE 
GENERAL AIRPORT REFUNDING REVENUE BONDS, SERIES 2019 (Non-AMT) 
(GREEN BONDS) 
SUMMARY OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS OF THE 
CERTIFICATE  
  4474669.4 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[This page left intentionally blank.]CITY OF PORTLAND, MAINE 
GENERAL AIRPORT REFUNDING REVENUE BONDS, SERIES 2019 (NON-AMT) 
(GREEN BONDS) 
APPENDIX C – SUMMARY OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS OF THE CERTIFICATE 
 
{W11490398.1} C-1 
SUMMARY OF CERTAIN TERMS OF THE CERTIFICATE 
 The following is a brief summary of certain provisions of the General Certificate including certain terms used 
in the General Certificate and used but not elsewhere defined in the Official Statement.  This summary does not purport 
to be complete and reference is made to the General Certificate  for full and complete statements of its terms and 
provisions.  
Definitions 
“Account” shall mean any account established pursuant to Section 502 of the General Certificate. 
“Accountant” shall mean Runyon, Kersteen & Ouellette or any other independent certified public accountant 
(or a firm thereof) selected by the City, which may be the accountant regularly auditing the books of the City. 
“Accreted Value” shall mean (a) w ith respect to any Capital App reciation Bonds, as of any date of 
calculation, the sum of the amount set forth in a Supplemental Certificate as the amoun t representing the initial 
principal amount of such Capital Appreciation Bonds plus the interest accumulated, compounded and unpaid thereon 
as of the most recent compoundin g date, or (b) with respect to Original Issue Discount Bonds, as of the date of 
calculation, the amount representing the initial public offerin g price of such Original Issue Discount Bonds plus the 
amount of the discounted principal which has accreted since the  date of issue; in each case the Accreted Value shall 
be determined in accordance with the provisions of the Suppleme ntal Certificate authorizing the issuance of such 
Capital Appreciation Bonds or Original Issue Discount Bonds. 
“Advance-Refunded Municipal Bond s” means obligations the interest on which is excluded from gross 
income for purposes of federal income taxation that have been advance-refunded prior to their maturity and are fully 
and irrevocably secured as to principal and interest by Government Obligations, or Government Obligations that have 
been stripped of their unmatured interest coupons or interest coupons stripped from Government Obligations, held in 
trust for the payment thereof and which obligations are rated in the highest rating category by each Rating Agency. 
“Airport Consultant” initially shall mean PB Aviation, Inc., and the rea fter s hall m ean a fi rm  or fir m s of 
national recognition experienced in the field of planning the development, operation and management of airports and 
aviation facilities, selected and employed by the City pursuant to Section 711 of the General Certificate from time to 
time. 
“Authorized Newspaper” shall mean “The Bond Buyer,” “The Wall S treet Journal” or any newspaper or 
financial journal which is customarily published (except in the  case of legal holidays) at least once a day for at least 
five days in each calendar week, printed in the English language, containing financial news, and of general circulation 
in the City of Portland and the City of New York. 
“Authorized Representative” shall mean, with respect to the Cit y, the Director of Finance of the City and, 
when used in reference to an act or document, shall also mean any other person authorized by the Governing Body to 
perform such act or sign such document. 
“Average Annual Debt Service” sha ll mean, with respect to any S eries of Bonds, the sum of Debt Service 
for each year in which such Bonds will be Outstanding divided b y the number of years that such Bonds will be 
Outstanding. {W11490398.1} C-2 
“Balloon Maturities” shall mean, with respect to any Series of Bonds, 50% or more of the principal of which 
matures on the same date or within a Fiscal Year, that portion of such Series which matures on such date or within 
such Fiscal Year.  For purposes of this definition, the principal amount maturing on any date shall be reduced by the 
amount of such Bonds scheduled to be amortized by prepayment or  redemption prior to their stated maturity date, 
including the amount of any Sinking Fund Installment.  Commerci al paper, Parity Bond Anticipation Notes or other 
Short-Term/Demand Obligations shall not be Balloon Maturities. 
“Bond” or “Bonds” shall mean any bonds, notes or other evidences of indebtedness, as the case may be, 
authenticated and delivered pursuant to Sections 206 or 207 of the General Certificate and shall include Parity Bond 
Anticipation Notes, Short-Term/Demand Obligations, Regularly Sc heduled Swap Payments, Parity Reimbursement 
Obligations, and other securities, contracts or obligations inc urred through lease, installment purchase or other 
agreements or certificates of pa rticipation therein, in each ca se to the extent secured as described in the General 
Certificate; but shall not mean Special Indebtedness or any other bonds, notes or other evidence of indebtedness, that 
is secured by a pledge of the Revenues that is in all respects subordinate to the provisions of the General Certificate 
and the lien and pledge created thereby. 
“Bond Counsel’s Opinion” shall mean an opinion signed by Pierce Atwood or any attorney or firm of 
attorneys of nationally recognized standing in the field of law relating to revenue bonds of public instrumentalities, 
selected by the City and satisfactory to the Trustee and may be an attorney or firm regularly providing services to the 
City. 
“Bond Year” shall mean, with respect to any Series of Bonds, the twelve-month period, if any, set forth in 
the Supplemental Certificate authorizing any such Series. 
“Business Day” shall mean unless specified otherwise in the app licable Supplemental Certificate, any day 
other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a day which shall be in the State of Maine, the State of New York or in the 
jurisdiction in which the Office of the Trustee or the designat ed office of the Registrar is located, a legal holiday or 
any other day on which any Trustee is authorized or required by law to be closed for business. 
 “Capital Appreciation Bonds” shall mean Bonds all or a portion of the interest on which is compounded and 
accumulated at the rates and on the dates set forth in a Supplemental Certificate and is payable only upon redemption 
or on the maturity date of such Bonds.  Bonds which are issued as Capital Appreciation Bonds, but later convert to 
Bonds on which interest is paid periodically shall be Capital A ppreciation Bonds until the conversion date and from 
and after such conversion date shall no longer be Capital Appreciation Bonds, but shall be treated as having a principal 
amount equal to their Accreted Value on the conversion date.  
“Capital Expenditures” shall mean any amount expended on extens ions, improvements, enlargements, 
betterments, alterations, renewals, repairs and replacements of  the Jetport (including land, equipment and other real 
or personal property) that, (i) are used or useful in connection with the Jetport or any part thereof, (ii) are constructed, 
acquired, or made by or on behalf of the City subsequent to the  date of the General Certificate, and (iii) are properly 
chargeable (whether or not so charged by the City) according to generally accepted accounting principles, as additions 
to property or plant accounts. 
“Capitalized Interest” shall mean , for any particular Series of  Bonds, that portion of the proceeds of such 
Series, if any, required by the Supplemental Certificate author izing such Series to be deposited in a Subaccount 
established by such Supplemental Certificate for such Series in  the Capitalized Interest A ccount for the purpose of 
funding the payment of a portion of the interest to come due on such Series. 
“Capitalized Interest Account” s hall mean the Account by that n ame established in the Debt Service Fund 
pursuant to Section 502 of the General Certificate. 
 “City” shall mean the City of Portland, Maine, a Maine municip al corporation, or any other political 
subdivision or public instrumentality of the State which shall hereafter succeed to the powers of the City relating to 
the Jetport. {W11490398.1} C-3 
“City Charter” shall mean the Charter of the City enacted on No vember 4, 1986, as amended from time to 
time. 
“City Council” shall mean the City Council of the City. 
“Code” shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended , including applicable Treasury 
Regulations, rulings and procedures promulgated thereunder or under the Internal Revenue Code of 1954, as amended. 
“Completion Bond” shall mean any  Bond authenticated and delive red on original issuance pursuant to 
Section 206 of the General Certificate for the purpose of paying costs of completing a Project for which Bonds have 
previously been issued, or thereafter authenticated and delivered in lieu of or substitution for such  Bond pursuant to 
the terms of the General Certificate. 
“Consultant” shall mean the Accountant, the Airport Consultant, the Independent Engineer or any other 
independent consultant, consulting firm, engineer, architect, e ngineering firm, architect ural firm, accountant or 
accounting firm, underwriter, financial adviser, financial institution or other expert recognized to be well-qualified for 
work of the character required and retained by the Governing Body to perform acts and carry out duties provided for 
such Consultant in the General Certificate. 
“Consultant Certificate” shall mean, when used with respect to the City or any Consultant, a signed document 
or report, as the context indicates, of such person or firm, which in the case of the City shall be signed by an Authorized 
Representative, attesting to or acknowledging the matters therein stated or setting forth matters to be determined 
pursuant hereto. 
“Costs” as applied to any Project, shall mean all or any part of the cost, paid by or on behalf of or reimbursable 
by or to the City, of undertaking and carrying out such Project. 
“Costs of Issuance” shall mean all items of expense directly or  indirectly payable or reimbursable by or to 
the City and related to the auth orization, sale and issuance of  Bonds, including but not limited to the costs or fees 
incurred to obtain a Credit Facility or a Financial Guaranty with respect to such Series of Bonds. 
“Credit Facility” shall mean a letter of credit, revolving credit agreement, standby purchase agreement, surety 
bond, insurance policy or similar obligation, arrangement or instrument issued by a bank, insurance company or other 
financial institution, or other form of credit enhancement and/or liquidity support, if any, provided for in the applicable 
Supplemental Certificate, incl uding any alternate Credit Facili ty delivered in accordance with provisions of such 
Supplemental Certificate, that provides for payment of all or a portion of the Principal Installments or interest due on 
any Series of Bonds or provides funds for (i) the direct paymen t of the Principal Installments of and interest on such 
Bonds when due or (ii) the payment of the Principal Installments of and interest on such Bonds in the event amounts 
otherwise pledged to the payment thereof are not available when due or (iii) the payment of the Tender Option Price 
of any Option Bond which may be tendered to the City for purchase or payment in accordance with the Supplemental 
Certificate authorizing such Option Bond (in any case, regardless of whether such Credit Facility provides funds for 
any other purpose).  Any referen ce in a Supplemental Certificat e to a “Letter of Credit” shall be deemed to mean a 
Credit Facility. 
“Credit Provider” shall mean, with respect to a Series of Bonds , the provider of a Credit Facility, including 
municipal bond insurance, letter of credit, or liquidity suppor t, if any, for such Series of Bonds specified in the 
applicable Supplemental Certificate. 
“Debt Service” for any period of time shall mean, as of any date of calculation and with respect to any Series 
of Bonds, an amount equal to the amount of payments required to  be made for principal of and interest on all Bonds 
Outstanding of such Series, including Principal Installments, S inking Fund Installments and Regularly Scheduled 
Swap Payments to be made by the City, and City payments pursuan t to Reimbursement Agreements with Credit 
Providers to reimburse such Credit Providers for debt service p ayments made, and to pay credit enhancement or 
liquidity support fees, in each case to the extent secured by the General Certificate, scheduled to come due within a 
specified Fiscal Year, computed as follows: {W11490398.1} C-4 
 (a) In determining the amount of principal to be funded in eac h year, payment shall (unless a 
different subsection of this definition applies for purposes of  determining principal maturities or amortization) be 
assumed to be made on Bonds Outstanding (other than Short-Term/ Demand Obligations) in accordance with any 
amortization schedule established by the governing documents setting forth the terms of such Bonds, including, as a 
principal payment, the Accreted Value of any Capital Appreciation Bonds or Original Issue Discount Bonds maturing 
or scheduled for redemption in such year; and in determining the amount of interest to be funded in each year, interest 
payable at a fixed rate shall (except to the extent any other s ubsection of this definition applies) be assumed to be 
made at such fixed rate and on the required funding dates. 
 (b) Except for any historical period for which the actual rate  or rates are determinable and 
except as otherwise provided in the General Certificate, Bonds that bear interest at a variable rate shall be deemed to 
bear interest at a fixed annual rate equal to (i) the average of the daily rates of such Bonds during the 365 consecutive 
days (or any lesser period such Bonds have been Outstanding) ne xt preceding the date of computation; or (ii) with 
respect to any Bonds bearing interest at a variable rate which are being issued on the date of computation, the initial 
rate of such Bonds upon such issuance. 
 (c) Any Bonds that bear interest at a variable rate and with r espect to which there exists a Swap 
that obligates the City to pay a fixed interest rate or a different variable interest rate shall (for the period during which 
such Swap is reasonably expected to remain in effect) be deemed to bear interest at the effective fixed annual rate or 
different variable rate thereon as a result of such Swap.  In the case of any Bonds that bear interest at a fixed rate and 
with respect to which there exists a Swap that obligates the City to pay a variable rate, Annual Debt Service shall (for 
the period during which such Swap is reasonably expected to rem ain in effect) be deemed to include the interest 
payable on such Bonds, less the fixed amounts received by the C ity under the Swap, plus the amount of the variable 
payments (using the convention described in (b) above) to be made by the City under the Swap. 
 (d) If all or any portion of an Outstanding Series of Bonds co nstitute Balloon Maturities, 
authorized but unissued Bonds under a Program, Parity Bond Anticipation Notes or Short-Term/Demand Obligations, 
then, for purposes of determining Debt Service, each maturity t hat constitutes a Balloon Maturity, authorized but 
unissued Bonds under a Program, Parity Bond Anticipation Notes or Short-Term/Demand Obligations shall, unless 
otherwise provided in the Supplemental Certificate pursuant to which such Bonds are authorized or unless provision 
(e) of this definition then applies to such maturity, be treated as if it were to be amortized over a term of not more than 
30 years and with substantially level annual debt service payments commencing not later than the year following the 
year in which such Balloon Maturity, authorized but unissued Bonds under a Program, Parity Bond Anticipation Notes 
or Short-Term/Demand Obligations were issued, and extending not  later than 30 years from the date such Balloon 
Maturity, authorized but unissued Bonds under a Program, Parity  Bond Anticipation Notes or Short-Term/Demand 
Obligations were originally issued; the interest rate used for such computation shall be that rate quoted in The Bond 
Buyer 25 Revenue Bond Index for the last week of the month preceding the date of calculation as published by “The 
Bond Buyer”, or if that index is no longer published, another s imilar index designated by an Authorized 
Representative, taking into consideration whether such Bonds be ar interest which is or is not excluded from gross 
income for federal income tax purposes; with respect to any Ser ies of Bonds only a portion of which constitutes 
Balloon Maturities, authorized but unissued Bonds under a Progr am, Parity Bond Anticipation Notes or Short-
Term/Demand Obligations, the remaining portion shall be treated as described in (a) above or such other provision of 
this definition as shall be applicable, and with respect to tha t portion of a Series of Bonds that constitutes Balloon 
Maturities, all funding requirements of principal and interest becoming due in any year other than the stated maturity 
of the Balloon Maturities shall be treated as described in (a) above or such other provision of this definition as shall 
be applicable. 
 (e) Any maturity of Bonds that constitutes a Balloon Maturity as described in provision (d) of 
this definition and for which the stated maturity date occurs within 12 months from the date such calculation of Debt 
Service is made, shall be assumed to become due and payable on the stated maturity date, and provision (d) above 
shall not apply thereto, unless an Authorized Representative certifies in writing  (i) that the City intends to refinance 
such maturity, (ii) a reasonable estimate of the terms of such refinancing and (iii) that the debt capacity of the City is 
sufficient to successfully complete such refinancing (which may  be based entirely on information provided by a 
Consultant), whereupon  such Balloon Maturity shall be assumed to be refinanced in accordance with the terms set 
out in such certificate and such terms shall be used for purposes of calculating Debt Service; provided that such 
assumption shall not result in an interest rate lower than that which would be assumed under provision (d) above and {W11490398.1} C-5 
provided further that principal shall be assumed to amortize over a term of not more than 30 years from the expected 
date of refinancing. 
(f) In any computation relating to the issuance of a Series of Bonds required by Section 206 of the 
General Certificate, there shall be excluded from the computation of Debt Service principal of and interest on Bonds 
for which funds are, or are reasonably expected to be, available for payment of debt service, provided that such funds 
are irrevocably committed to make such payments, including without limitation any such funds in an escrow account 
or any such funds constituting capitalized interest held in any fund or account created by the General Certificate. 
“Debt Service Coverage Ratio” sh all mean the requirement of Sec tion 705(a)(2) of the General Certificate 
that in each Fiscal Year, Net Revenues for such Fiscal Year sha ll equal or exceed 125% of  Required Debt Service 
Fund Deposits. 
“Debt Service Fund” shall mean t he Debt Service Fund establishe d pursuant to Section 502 of the General 
Certificate. 
“Debt Service Reserve Fund” shall mean the Debt Service Reserve Fund established pursuant to Section 502 
of the General Certificate. 
“Defeasance Obligations” shall mean the obligations described i n clause (a), (b) or (h) of the definition of 
Investment Securities in the General Certificate; provided that  such obligations shall not be redeemable prior to the 
maturity date or stated redemption date relied upon in satisfyi ng the conditions of Section 1201 of the General 
Certificate. 
“Designated Debt” shall mean any Bonds with respect to which there shall be in effect a Swap. 
“Enabling Act” shall have the meaning given such term in the recitals hereto, as amended from time to time, 
unless expressly stated to refer to the Enabling Act as in effect on a specific date. 
“Event of Default” shall mean any event specified in Section 1001 of the General Certificate. 
“Financial Guaranties” shall mean one or more of the following:  (i) irrevocable, unconditional and unexpired 
letters of credit issued by banking institutions the senior long-term debt obligations of which (or the holding company 
of any such banking institution) have (at the time of issue of such letter of credit) a rating in either of the two highest 
categories from each of S&P and Mo ody’s (if such rating agencie s are Rating Agencies) and, if rated by any other 
Rating Agency, a rating in either of the two highest categories  of such Rating Agency; or (ii) an irrevocable and 
unconditional policy or policies of insurance in full force and  effect issued by municipal bond insurers or multiline 
insurers the obligations insured by which are eligible for a rating in either of the two highest categories from each of 
S&P and Moody’s (if such rating agencies are Rating Agencies) and, if rated by any other Rating Agency, a rating in 
either of the two highest categories of such Rating Agency; in each case providing for the payment of sums for the 
payment of Principal Installments of and interest on  Bonds in the manner provided in Sections 508 of the General 
Certificate; and providing further that any such Financial Guar anty must be drawn upon on a date which is at least 
seven days prior to the expiration date of such Financial Guaranty in an amount equal to the deficiency which would 
exist if the Financial Guaranty expired, unless a substitute Financial Guaranty is acquired prior to such expiration date 
as provided in a related Supplemental Resolution. 
“Fiscal Year” shall mean the twelve-month period commencing July 1 of any calendar year and ending June 
30 of the succeeding calendar year or such other twelve month period as may be authorized by the City.  In the event 
that a different fiscal year is au thorized, references in the G eneral Certificate to July 1 or June 30 shall refer, 
respectively, to the first and last day of such fiscal year. 
“Fixed Rate Bonds” shall mean, as of any date of determination, any Bonds bearing interest at a fixed rate 
for the remainder of their term. 
“Fund” shall mean any fund established or maintained pursuant to Section 502 of the General Certificate. {W11490398.1} C-6 
“General Certificate” shall mean the General Certificate of Terms of Issuance of General Airport Revenue 
Bonds - Portland International Jetport dated as of July 1, 2003. 
“General Fund” shall mean the General Fund established pursuant to Section 502 of the General Certificate. 
“Governing Body” shall mean the Department of Transportation of the City or other City office or department 
or delegee duly and lawfully charged with the supervision of the operation of the Jetport or any other matter relating 
hereto and, where applicable, shall mean the City Council; and in the event that the ownership or operation of the 
Jetport shall be transferred as provided by law to any public entity other than the City, the duly authorized governing 
body of such public entity. 
“Government Obligations” shall mean direct general obligations of the United States of America.   
“Grant Agreements” shall mean any and all agreements between the City and the United States of America 
or the State, or any agency, department, bureau, commission or other instrumentality of either thereof, all as the same 
may be amended or supplemented from time to time, providing for  or relating to the provi sion of Grant Receipts to 
the City. 
“Grant Receipts” shall mean any m oney received by or on behalf of the City under or pursuant to a Grant 
Agreement as or on account of a grant or contribution, heretofore or hereafter made, in aid of or with respect to any 
Project. 
“Indebtedness” shall mean any indebtedness for borrowed money of the City relating to the Jetport. 
“Independent Engineer” shall mean any independent architect or engineer or firm of architects or engineers 
employed by the City pursuant to Section 710 of the General Certificate. 
“Interest Account” shall mean, as the context indicates, the Account of that name established within the Debt 
Service Fund or the Subordinated Debt Service Fund pursuant to Section 502 of the General Certificate. 
“Investment Securities” shall mean and include any of the following securities, if and to the extent the same 
are at the time legal investments by the City of the funds to be invested therein and conform to the policies set forth 
in any investment guidelines adopted by the City or by a duly a ppointed committee of the Governing Body and in 
effect at the time of the making of such investment: 
(a) Government Obligations; 
(b) Certificates or receipts repr esenting direct ownership of f uture interest or principal payments on 
Government Obligations or any obligations of agencies or instrumentalities of the United States of America which are 
backed by the full faith and credit of the United States, which certificates or receipts are issued directly by the United 
States Department of Treasury or by the agency or instrumentality issuing such obligations; 
(c) Bonds, debentures, notes or other evidences of indebtedness  issued by any of the following:  Federal 
Home Loan Mortgage Corporation; Student Loan Marketing Associat ion; Federal Home Loan Banks; Federal 
National Mortgage Association; Government National Mortgage Association; Bank for Cooperatives; Federal 
Intermediate Credit Banks; Federal Financing Bank; Export-Import Bank of the United States; Federal Land Banks; 
or any other agency or instrumentality of the United States of America; or the International Reconstruction 
Development Bank; 
(d) All other obligations issued by an agency, association, aut hority or an instrumentality of the United 
States of America pursuant to authority granted by Congress, or any executive order; 
(e) Interest-bearing time or demand deposits, certificates of d eposit, or other similar banking 
arrangements with any government securities dealer, bank, trust company, savings and loan association, national {W11490398.1} C-7 
banking association or other savings institution (including the  Trustee or its affiliates), provided that such deposits, 
certificates, and other arrangements are fully insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation; 
(f) Repurchase agreements collateralized by securities describe d in subparagraph (a), (b) or (c) above 
with any primary dealer recognized by a Federal Reserve Bank or any commercial bank the long-term unsecured debt 
of which (or of the corporate parent of which), in either case,  is rated in one of the three highest long-term rating 
categories by S&P and Moody’s (if such rating agencies are Rati ng Agencies) and, if rated by any other Rating 
Agency, rated in any of the three highest rating categories of such Rating Agency; provided that (1) a specific written 
repurchase agreement governs the transaction, (2) the securities are held, free and clear of any lien, by the City or the 
Trustee, as the case may be, or an independent third party acting solely as agent for the City or the Trustee, and such 
third party is (a) a Federal Reserve Bank, or (b) a bank which is a member of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation 
and which has combined capital, surplus and undivided profits of not less than $25 million, and the City or the Trustee 
shall have received written confirmation from such third party that it holds such securities, free and clear of any lien, 
as agent for the City or the Trustee, (3) if the repurchase agreement has a term of more than 30 days then the City or 
the Trustee will value the collateral securities no less frequently than monthly and will liquidate the collateral securities 
if any deficiency in the required collateral percentage is not restored within five business days of such valuation, (4) 
the fair market value of the collateral securities in relation to the amount of the repurchase obligation, including 
principal and interest, is equal to at least 102%, and (5) the City's security entitlement with respect to the underlying 
investment is created pursuant to Title 11, Article 8-A or perfected pursuant to Title 11, Article 9-A; 
(g) Money market funds registered  under the federal Investment Company Act of 1940 whose shares 
are registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 a nd rated in the highest rating category by S&P and 
Moody’s (if such rating agencies are Rating Agencies) and, if rated by any other Rating Agency, rated in the highest 
category of such Rating Agency provided that the investment of the funds are limited to investments described in 
paragraphs (a) – (c) above or in repurchase agreements secured by investments described in paragraphs (a) – (c) above; 
(h) Shares of investment companies or cash equivalent investmen ts which are authorized to invest only 
in assets or securities described in subparagraphs (a), (b) and  (c) above including, without limitation, the JP Morgan 
Funds or any other mutual fund for which the Trustee or an affi liate of the Trustee serves as investment manager, 
administrator, shareholder servicing agent, and/or custodian or  subcustodian, notwithstanding that (a) the Trustee or 
an affiliate of the Trustee receives fees from such funds for services rendered, (b) the Trustee charges and collects fees 
for services rendered pursuant to the Indenture, which fees are, separate from the fees received from such funds, and 
(c) services performed for such funds and pursuant to the General Certificate may at time duplicate those provided to 
such funds by the Trustee or its affiliates;  
(i) Advance-Refunded Municipal Bonds; 
(j) Short-term or long-term obligations the interest on which i s excludable from gross income for 
Federal income tax purposes and that are rated in any of the tw o highest rating categories by S&P and Moody’s (if 
such rating agencies are Rating Agencies) and if rated by any o ther Rating Agency, rated in any of the two highest 
rating categories of such Rating Agency, or shares of investment companies or cash equivalents which are authorized 
to invest primarily in such obligations; and 
(k) any other investment authorized pursuant to an amendment or  supplement hereto pursuant to Section 
801(h) of the General Certificate. 
Obligations of any Trustee or an affiliate thereof may be Investment Securities, provided that they otherwise 
qualify. 
“Jetport” shall mean the airport facilities of the City present ly known as Portland International Jetport and 
presently located within the corporate boundaries of the City a nd the City of South Portland, together with all 
buildings, facilities, runways, h angars, parking areas for airc raft or vehicles, access roads, control towers, terminal 
facilities for aircraft and land vehicles, facilities for servi cing aircraft and all equipment, appurtenances, property, 
rights, easements and interests acquired or leased by the City in connection with the construction or the operation 
thereof, and all extensions, improvements, enlargements, betterments, attractions, improvements, renewals, repairs 
and replacements thereof hereafter made. {W11490398.1} C-8 
“M&O Expenses” shall mean the City’s expenses, whether or not a nnually recurring, of maintaining, 
repairing and operating the Jetport including, without limiting  the generality of the foregoing, amounts for 
administrative expenses including costs of salaries and benefit s and amounts required to finance pension benefits 
earned by employees; cost of insurance; payments for engineering, financial, accounting, legal and other services; any 
lawfully imposed taxes or other assessments on the Jetport or i ncome from or operations at the Jetport and reserves 
for such taxes or assessments, any payments in lieu of taxes for the Jetport or income from or operations at the Jetport 
and reserves for such in lieu of taxes; any administration or s ervice fees; costs of issuance not financed in the Costs 
of a Project paid by the City; and payments of interest on (but  not the principal of) revenue anticipation notes and 
other current expenses; but not including any allowance for amortization or depreciation; any other expense for which 
(or to the extent to which) the City is or will be paid or reimbursed from or through any source that is not included or 
includable as Revenues; any extraordinary items arising from th e early extinguishment of debt; depreciation, 
recognition upon disposal or other retirement of a capital asse t, reserves for unusual and  extraordinary maintenance 
or repair, Debt Service payable from any Fund or Account established hereunder, and expenses described in Section 
709(c)(i) of the General Certificate. 
“M&O Reserve Fund” shall mean the M&O Reserve Fund established pursuant to Section 502 of the General 
Certificate. 
“Moody’s” shall mean Moody’s Investors Service, Inc., a corporation organized and existing under the laws 
of the State of New York, and its successors and assigns and, if such corporation shall no longer perform the functions 
of a securities rating agency, Moody's shall mean any other nationally recognized securities rating agency designated 
by an Authorized Representative. 
“Net Revenues” shall mean, with respect to a period of time, an  amount equal to all Revenues accrued in 
such period in accordance with  generally accepted accounting pr inciples minus the M&O Expenses incurred or 
payable during such period in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 
“Office of the Trustee” means the designated corporate trust ag ency office of the Trustee or at such other 
address as Trustee shall designate. 
“Operating Budget” shall mean the Operating Budget with respect  to the operations of the Jetport duly 
adopted by the City as provided in Section 712 of the General Certificate, as amended from time to time in accordance 
with Section 712 of the General Certificate. 
“Operating Fund” shall mean the Operating Fund established purs uant to Section 502 of the General 
Certificate. 
 “Option Bonds” shall mean Bonds that by their terms may be ten dered by and at the option of the owner 
thereof for purchase or payment by the City prior to the stated maturity thereof. 
 “Original Issue Discount Bonds” shall mean Bonds that are sold at an initial public offering price of less than 
face value and that are specifically designated as Original Issue Discount Bonds by the Supplemental Certificate under 
which such Bonds are issued. 
“Outstanding”, when used with reference to Bonds, shall mean, a s of any date, all Bonds theretofore or 
thereupon being authenticated and delivered hereunder but shall not include: 
(a) any Bonds canceled  by the Trustee (or otherwise) at or prior to such date; 
(b) any Bonds (or portion thereof) for the payment or redemptio n of which there shall be set aside and 
held in trust hereunder either: 
(i) moneys in an amount sufficient to pay when due (after taking into account investment 
earnings thereon) the Principal Installments or Redemption Pric e thereof, together with all accrued and 
unpaid interest thereon to the principal payment date(s) or the date of redemption, {W11490398.1} C-9 
(ii) Defeasance Obligations in such principal amounts, of such maturities, bearing such interest 
and otherwise having such terms and qualifications, as are necessary to provide moneys (whether as principal 
or interest) in an amount sufficient to pay when due the Principal Installments or Redemption Price thereof, 
together with all accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the pr incipal payment date(s) or the date of 
redemption, or 
(iii) any combination of  (i) and (ii) above, 
and, if such Bonds (or portion thereof) are to be redeemed, for which notice of redemption has been given as 
provided in Article VI, or the applicable Supplemental Certific ate, or provision satisfactory to the Trustee 
has been made for the giving of such notice; 
(c) any Bonds in lieu of or in substitution for which other Bon ds have been authenticated and delivered; 
and 
(d) any Bonds deemed to have been paid as provided in Section 1 201(b) of the General Certificate. 
“Owner” or “holder” or words of similar import shall mean, when  used with reference to Indebtedness, the 
person in whose name the Indebtedness is registered. 
“Parity Bond Anticipation Notes” shall mean any of the notes issued pursuant to Section 208 of the General 
Certificate, the interest on which is payable from and secured by a pledge of, and a lien on, the Revenues on a parity 
with the lien created by Section 501 of the General Certificate. 
“Parity Reimbursement Obligation” shall mean a Reimbursement Obligation so described in Section 209(b) 
of the General Certificate. 
“Paying Agent” shall mean any paying agent for the Bonds of any Series, and its successor or successors and 
any other person which may at any time be substituted in its place pursuant hereto. 
“Payment Date” shall mean, with respect to any Series of Bonds, each date on which interest or a Principal 
Installment or both shall be due and payable on any of such Outstanding Bonds according to their respective terms. 
“PFC Revenues” shall mean any passenger facility charges or sim ilar charges levied by or on behalf of the 
City pursuant to the Federal Aviation Safety and Capacity Expansion Act of 1990, as from time to time amended, and 
any successor thereto, and all investment earnings thereon. 
“Principal Account” shall mean the Account of that name established within the Debt Service Fund or the 
Subordinated Debt Service Fund, as the case may be, pursuant to Section 502 of the General Certificate. 
“Principal Installment” shall mean, as of any date of calculation and with respect to any Series of Bonds, so 
long as any Bonds of such Series are Outstanding, (i) the principal amount of such Series due on a certain future date 
for which no Sinking Fund Installments have been established or  (ii) the unsatisfied balance of any Sinking Fund 
Installments due on a certain future date for Bonds of such Ser ies.  For the purposes of the preceding sentence, 
“principal amount” shall include (x) any amount designated in, or determined pursuant to, the applicable Supplemental 
Certificate, as the “principal amount” with respect to any Bond s which do not pay full current interest for all or any 
part of their term, (y) the Tender Option Price of any Option B onds which may be tendered to the City for purchase 
or payment prior to the stated maturity thereof in accordance with the terms of the Supplemental Certificate authorizing 
such Option Bonds, unless such amount is secured by a Credit Fa cility that is not in default, and (z) the principal 
amount of any Parity Reimbursement Obligation.  Principal Insta llment shall, however, not include the principal of 
Parity Bond Anticipation Notes. 
  {W11490398.1} C-10 
“Prior General Obligation Bonds” shall mean the following general obligation bonds of the City: 
 
Dated Date 
Original Principal 
Amount 
Outstanding Principal 
Amount 
11/1/84 $265,000 $4,963 
10/1/89 $1,600,000 $557,104 
10/1/90 $1,600,000 $621,904 
10/1/91 $119,700 $9,451 
“Pro Forma Bond Issue” shall mean , when used with reference to any Series Debt Service Reserve Fund 
Requirement in connection with a Series of Variable Rate Bonds, the hypothetical fixed rate long-term bond issue set 
forth in the Supplemental Certificate authorizing such Series, having (i) the same maturities (and sinking fund 
provisions, if any) as the Series of Variable Rate Bonds to whi ch it relates and (ii) such interest rate or rates as the 
City shall reasonably deem to be the equivalent of the rates which would have been borne by such Series of Variable 
Rate Bonds if such Series had been issued as a Series of Fixed Rate Bonds; provided that such interest rate shall be 
not less than 80% of the “30-year revenue bond index” then most  recently published by The Bond Buyer or, if such 
index is no longer published, such other substantially comparable index as determined by the City with the approval 
of the Trustee.   
 “Program” shall mean a financing program identified in a Supplemental Certificate, (a) that is authorized and 
the terms thereof approved by a resolution adopted by the City and the items required under Section 206 of the General 
Certificate have been filed with the Trustee, (b) wherein the C ity has authorized the issuance, from time to time, of 
notes, commercial paper or other indebtedness in an authorized amount, and (c) the authorized amount of which has 
met the test for an additional Series of Bonds set forth in Sec tion 206 of the General Certificate and the Outstanding 
amount of which may vary from time to time, but may not exceed the authorized amount. 
“Project” shall mean any undertaking or other activity including a Capital Expenditure by or on behalf of the 
City to maintain, equip, improve or enlarge the Jetport as more specifically described in a Supplemental Certificate. 
“Project Fund” shall mean the Project Fund established pursuant to Section 502 of the General Certificate. 
“Qualified Swap” shall mean any Swap (a) the Designated Debt of which is all or part of a particular Series 
of Bonds; (b) the Swap Provider of which is a Qualified Swap Provider or has been a Qualified Swap Provider within 
the 60-day period preceding the date on which a calculation of Debt Service or Required Debt Service Fund Deposits 
is being made; (c) which has a term not greater than the term of the Designated Debt or a specified mandatory tender 
date or redemption date of such Designated Debt; and (d) which has been designated in writing to the Trustee by the 
City as a Qualified Swap with respect to such Bonds. 
“Qualified Swap Provider” shall mean a financial institution, the senior long-term debt obligations of which, 
or the obligations of which under any Qualified Swap, are (i) guaranteed by a financial institution, or subsidiary of a 
financial institution, the senior long-term debt obligations of  which, are rated by each of S&P and Moody’s (if such 
rating agencies are Rating Agencies) and, if rated by any other  Rating Agency, by such Rating Agency in one of the 
three highest rating categories of each such Rating Agency, respectively, or (ii) fully secured by obligations described 
in clause (a) or (c) of the definition of Investment Securities that are (A) valued not less frequently than monthly and 
have a fair market value, exclusive of accrued interest, at all  times at least equal to 105% (or such lower percentage 
as shall be acceptable to the Rating Agencies) of the notional amount of the Swap, together with the interest accrued 
and unpaid thereon, (B) held by the Trustee (who shall not be the provider of the collateral) or by any Federal Reserve 
Bank or a depository acceptable to the Trustee, (C) subject to a perfected first lien on behalf of the Trustee, and (D) 
free and clear from all third-party liens. 
“Rate Covenant” shall mean the requirement of Section 705(a)(1)  of the General Certificate that in each 
Fiscal Year, Net Revenues shall equal or exceed the sum of Requ ired Debt Service Fund Deposits plus deposits 
required to be made under Sections 505(a)(iii) through (viii) o f the General Certificate (excluding interest or other 
earnings on the Project Fund and amounts paid from other funds of the City that are not Revenues and are not 
transferred from other Funds or Accounts established hereunder).  {W11490398.1} C-11 
“Rates and Charges” shall mean all charges, whether denominated as charges, fees, rates, rentals, assessments 
or otherwise, established by the Governing Body for the services provided for the use, lease or license of any portion 
of the Jetport, including without limitation landing and parking fees and terminal and concession rents and charges. 
“Rating Agencies” shall mean Moody’s and S&P and their respective successors and assigns if such rating 
agencies are maintaining a rating on the Bonds at the request of the City, and shall also include any other rating agency 
nationally recognized for skill and expertise in rating the cre dit of obligations such as the Bonds and which is 
maintaining a rating on the Bonds at the request of the City. 
“Rebate Fund” shall mean the Rebate Fund established pursuant to Section 502 of the General Certificate. 
“Rebate Fund Requirement” means, as of any date of calculation,  an amount equal to the aggregate of the 
amounts, if any, specified in each Supplemental Certificate authorizing the issuance of a Series of Bonds as the amount 
required to be maintained in the Rebate Fund with respect to such Bonds. 
“Record Date” shall mean, unless otherwise determined by a Supplemental Certificate for a particular Series 
of Bonds, the fifteenth day of the month immediately preceding any month in which there occurs a Payment Date. 
“Redemption Account” shall mean, as the context indicates, the Account of that name established within the 
Debt Service Fund or the Subordinated Debt Service Fund pursuant to Section 502 of the General Certificate. 
“Redemption Price” shall mean, when used with respect to a Bond  or portion thereof, the principal amount 
thereof plus the applicable premium, if any, payable upon eithe r optional or mandatory redemption thereof pursuant 
to the General Certificate. 
“Refunding Bond” shall mean any  Bond authenticated and delivered on original issuance pursuant to Section 
206 and Section 207 of the General Certificate for the purpose of refunding any Prior General Obligation Bonds or 
any Bonds Outstanding, or thereafter authenticated and delivered in lieu of or substitution for such  Bond pursuant to 
the General Certificate. 
“Registrar” means the Trustee as bond registrar with respect to  the Bonds and its successors and assigns in 
such capacity. 
“Regularly Scheduled Swap Paymen ts” shall mean the regularly sc heduled payments under the terms of a 
Swap which are due absent any termination, default or dispute in connection with such Swap. 
“Reimbursement Obligation” shall mean the obligation of the Cit y so described in Section 209(b) of the 
General Certificate, whether or not such obligation to so reimb urse is evidenced by a promissory note or other 
instrument. 
“Renewal and Replacement Reserve Fund” shall mean the Renewal and Replacement Reserve Fund 
established pursuant to Section 502 of the General Certificate. 
“Renewal and Replacement Reserve Fund Requirement” shall mean $250,000 for each Fiscal Year through 
the Fiscal Year ending June 30, 2004 and thereafter shall mean the amount shown on the Operating Budget then in 
effect as required to be the balance of the Renewal and Replacement Reserve Fund for the Fiscal Year. 
“Required Debt Service Fund Deposits” shall mean for, any period of time, all deposits required to be made 
to the Principal and Interest Accounts of the Debt Service Fund for such period whether pursuant to Section 505(a)(ii), 
519(b) of the General Certificate (including earnings retained in the Debt Service Fund pursuant to such Section) or 
any other provision thereof, reduced by amounts transferred or expected to be transferred from the Capitalized Interest 
Account, from interest or other investment earnings on the Proj ect Fund (as provided pursuant to Section 519(b) of 
the General Certificate) or from amounts paid from other funds of the City that are not Revenues and that are not 
transferred from other Funds or Accounts established hereunder. {W11490398.1} C-12 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, (a) for purposes of computing th e Required Debt Service Fund Deposits of 
Bonds that constitute Synthetic Fixed Rate Debt, the interest r ate payable thereon shall, if the City so elects, be that 
rate as provided for by the terms of the Swap or the net intere st rate payable pursuant to offsetting indices, as 
applicable, and (b) for purposes  of computing th e Required Debt  Service Fund Deposits of Bonds with respect to 
which a Qualified Swap has been entered into whereby the City has agreed to pay the floating variable rate thereunder, 
if the City so elects, no fixed interest rate amounts payable on the Bonds to which such Swap pertains shall be included 
and the interest rate payable thereon shall be that rate as provided by the terms of the Swap, except that for any future 
period such rate shall be estimated in the manner provided for estimating interest on Variable Rate Bonds in the 
definition of “Debt Service” in the General Certificate. 
In addition, for purposes of computing the Required Debt Servic e Fund Deposits of any Series of Bonds, 
including Capital Appreciation Bonds, as to which interest is d eferred and compounded rather than being paid 
currently during any period of calculation required by the Gene ral Certificate, such calculation shall be made as if 
interest on such Bonds accrued and was deemed paid at a rate determined on the date of such calculation by a nationally 
known investment banking firm selected by the City (which firm may be an owner or underwriter of any Bonds) to be 
the rate which, if earnings at such rate were compounded on the initial public sale price as set forth in the Supplemental 
Certificate authorizing such Bonds in the manner required by the terms of such Bonds through the maturity date or 
earlier date on which such compounding is scheduled to cease, w ould produce the amount of such Bonds scheduled 
to mature on such maturity date or the Accreted Value of such B onds scheduled to exist on such earlier date, as the 
case may be.  For purposes of computing Required Debt Service F und Deposits at any time with respect to any such 
Series of Bonds then outstanding , such calculation shall be made in accordance with the provisions of the 
Supplemental Certificate authorizing the issuance of such Series of Bonds.  
“Revenue Fund” shall mean the Revenue Fund established pursuant to Section 502 of the General Certificate. 
“Revenues” shall mean and include all receipts, revenues, fees,  rentals, investment earnings, income and 
other moneys received by or on behalf of the City from or in connection with the ownership or operation of all or any 
part of the Jetport, whether existing at the date of the Genera l Certificate or thereafter coming into existence and 
whether held by the City at such date or thereafter acquired, including, without limitation, all tolls and charges, landing 
fees, terminal rentals, real property rentals, concession fees, parking receipts, interest income, proceeds of business 
interruption insurance and condemnation awards from temporary takings, but not including (i) proceeds of insurance 
(except business interruption insurance, if any) and of condemn ation awards (except awards for temporary takings), 
(ii) proceeds of the sale of a ny Indebtedness, (iii) Grant Rece ipts or PFC Revenues, (iv) proceeds of the sale of any 
portion of the Jetport permitted by Section 706 of the General Certificate, (v) moneys derived from facilities hereafter 
financed with the proceeds of Indebtedness permitted under Sect ion 709(b) or 709(c) of the General Certificate to 
finance a facility for a particular person to the extent that such moneys are pledged to the payment of such Indebtedness 
under a separate resolution, indenture or other agreement of the City, (vi) interest income or other investment earnings 
on the Project Fund, (vii) any Swap Termination Payment paid to the City or, (viii) any other amounts which are not 
deemed to be revenues in accor dance with generally accepted acc ounting principles or that are restricted as to their 
use. 
“S&P” shall mean Standard & Poor's Rating Group, a corporation organized and existing under the laws of 
the State of New York, and its successors and assigns and, if s uch corporation shall no longer perform the functions 
of a securities rating agency, Standard & Poor's shall mean any  other nationally recognized securities rating agency 
designated by an Authorized Representative. 
“Series” or “Series of Bonds” sh all mean all of the Bonds authe nticated and delivered on original issuance 
identified pursuant to the Supplemental Certificate authorizing  such Bonds as a separate Series of Bonds and any 
Bonds thereafter authenticated and delivered in lieu of or in substitution therefor regardless of variations in maturity, 
interest rate or other provisions. 
 “Series Debt Service Reserve Fund Requirement” shall mean the amount, if any, required to be on deposit in 
a Series Account in the Debt Service Reserve Fund specified in the Supplemental Certificate governing the issuance 
of and securing the related Series of Bonds. {W11490398.1} C-13 
 “Short-Term/Demand Obligations” shall mean each Series of Bond s issued pursuant to the General 
Certificate, the payment of prin cipal of which is either (a) pa yable on demand at the option of the holder at a time 
sooner than a date on which such principal is deemed to be paya ble for purposes of computing Debt Service, or 
(b) scheduled to be payable within one year from the date of is suance and is contemplated to be refinanced for a 
specified period or term either  (i) through the issuance of add itional Short-Term/Demand Obligations pursuant to a 
Program, or (ii) through the issuance of long-term Bonds. 
“Sinking Fund Installment” shall mean, as of any particular dat e of calculation, the amount required by the 
General Certificate or any Supplemental Certificate to be paid by the City on a future date for the retirement of the 
principal amount of Outstanding Bonds that are stated to mature subsequent to such future date, but does not include 
any amount payable by the City by reason only of the maturity of a Bond. 
“Special Account” shall mean, with respect to the Debt Service Reserve Fund, one or more of the Special 
Accounts established by a Supplemental Certificate pursuant to Section 502(c) of the General Certificate. 
“Special Indebtedness” shall mean Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 709 of the General Certificate. 
“State” shall mean the State of Maine. 
“Subaccount” shall mean one of the separate Subaccounts established within an Account or Fund, with 
respect to a particular Series of Bonds. 
“Subordinated Bonds” shall mean bonds, notes or other evidence of indebtedness issued or incurred by the 
City with respect to the Jetport that is secured by a pledge of  the Revenues that is in all respects subordinate to the 
provisions of the General Certificate and the lien and pledge created the General Certificate. 
“Subordinated Debt Service Fund” shall mean the Subordinated Debt Service Fund, if any, established with 
respect to the issuance of a Series of Subordinated Bonds. 
“Subordinated Debt Service Reserve Fund” shall mean the Subordinated Debt Service Reserve Fund, if any, 
established with respect to the issuance of a Series of Subordinated Bonds. 
“Supplemental Certificate” shall mean a Supplemental Certificate of the City authorizing the issuance of a 
Series of Bonds or otherwise amending or supplementing the General Certificate, adopted in accordance with Article 
VI. 
“Swap” shall mean any financial arrangement between the City and a Swap Provider which provides that (a) 
each of the parties shall pay to the other an amount or amounts  calculated as if such amount were interest accruing 
during the term of the arrangement at a specified rate (whether fixed or a variable rate or measured against some other 
rate) on the principal amount of a Designated Debt, and payable  from time to time or at a designated time or times 
(whether before, during or after the term of the arrangement); (b) if such amount is to be paid before it is deemed to 
have accrued, the amount paid shall reflect the present value of such future amount (i.e., an upfront premium), while 
an amount to be paid after it is deemed to have accrued shall r eflect the time value of such amount; and (c) payment 
dates and calculated accrual rates need not be the same for eac h payor, but to the extent payment dates coincide, the 
arrangement may (but need not) provide that one shall pay to the other any net amount due under such arrangement. 
“Swap Provider” shall mean a party to a Swap with the City. 
“Swap Termination Payment” shall mean an amount payable to the City or a Swap Provider, in accordance 
with a Swap, to compensate the other party to the Swap for any losses and costs that such other party may incur as a 
result of an event of default or the early termination of the o bligations, in whole or in part, of the parties under such 
Swap; provided that any Swap Termination Payment to be made by the City shall not be secured by the General 
Certificate on a parity with Bonds. {W11490398.1} C-14 
“Synthetic Fixed Rate Debt” shall mean Bonds that (a) are combi ned, as Designated Debt, with a Qualified 
Swap and create, in the opinion of a Consultant, a substantiall y fixed-rate maturity or maturities for a term not 
exceeding such maturity or matur ities, or (b) consist of an arr angement in which two inversely related variable-rate 
securities are issued in equal principal amounts with interest based on offsetting indices resulting in a combined 
payment which is economically equivalent to a fixed rate. 
“Tax Exempt Bonds” shall mean Bon ds the interest on which is excluded from gross income of the holder 
thereof for federal income tax purposes which was accompanied b y a favorable Bond Counsel’s Opinion regarding 
such exclusion on the date of such Bonds. 
“Tender Option Price” shall mean , with respect to any Option Bo nd tendered for purchase or payment in 
accordance with the Supplemental Certificate authorizing such Option Bond, an amount equal to the principal amount 
of such Option Bond. 
“Trustee” shall mean J.P. Morgan  Trust Company, National Association of its successor or successors and 
any other person which may at any time be substituted in its place pursuant hereto. 
“Variable Rate Bonds” shall mean , as of any date of determinati on, any Bonds on which the interest rate 
borne thereby may vary during any part of its remaining term.  (Section 101) 
Terms and Conditions of the General Certificate to Constitute Contract 
In consideration of the purchase and acceptance of any series o f Bonds by those who shall hold the same 
from time to time, the provisions of the General Certificate shall be a part of the contract of the City with the holders 
of such Bonds and shall be deemed to be and shall constitute a contract between the City, the Trustee and the holders 
from time to time of the Bonds.  The pledge of the General Certificate and the provisions, covenants and agreements 
set forth in the General Certificate to be performed by or on behalf of the City with respect to the Bonds shall be for 
the equal benefit, protection and security of the holders of any and all Bonds, each of which, regardless of the time or 
times of its issue or maturity, shall be of equal rank with that of any of the other holders of Bonds, without preference, 
priority or distinction over any other of the General Certificate except as expressly provided in the General Certificate.  
(Section 202) 
Obligation of Bonds 
The Bonds shall not be general obligations of the City and the full faith and credit of the City are not pledged 
for the payment of the Bonds.  The Bonds shall be payable solel y from the Revenues pledged therefor under the 
General Certificate.  Neither the State nor any other political subdivision thereof shall be obligated to pay the principal 
of, premium or interest on any Bond and neither the faith and credit nor the taxing power of the State or of any political 
subdivision thereof is pledged to the payment of the principal of, premium or interest on any Bond.  (Section 203) 
Authorization of Bonds in Series 
In order to provide sufficient funds for the Costs of Projects or for the purpose of refunding any Indebtedness 
issued by the City to pay the Costs of Projects, Series of Bonds of the City, upon due authorization of the City Council, 
are authorized to be issued from time to time without limitatio n as to amount except as provided in the General 
Certificate or as provided in the Enabling Act or as otherwise may be limited by law and such Bonds shall be issued 
subject to the terms, conditions and limitations established in the General Certificate and in one or more Supplemental 
Certificates authorizing such Series.  (Section 204) 
Conditions Precedent to Delivery of a Series of Bonds 
The Bonds of a Series shall be executed by or on behalf of the City for issuance and delivered to the Trustee 
and thereupon shall be authenti cated by the Trustee and deliver ed to the City or upon its order, but only upon the 
receipt by the Trustee of certain documents, including a Supplemental Certificate and opinions relating to such Bond, 
and: {W11490398.1} C-15 
(a) except in the case of the Ser ies 2003 Bonds, any Series of Refunding Bonds issued pursuant to 
Section 207(a)(i) of the General Certificate, any Series of Com pletion Bonds with respect to which the conditions 
related in subsection (h) below are satisfied, or any Parity Bond Anticipation Notes,   
(i) a Consultant Certificate of an Authorized Representative of the City, confirmed by the 
Consultant Certificate of an Accountant, certifying that for any period of 12 consecutive months included 
wholly within the most recent period of 18 consecutive months preceding the date on which such Bonds are 
to be issued for which such information is available (A) Net Re venues for such period of 12 consecutive 
months were at least equal to the sum of Required Debt Service Fund Deposits on all then Outstanding Bonds 
plus deposits required to be made under Sections 505(a)(iii) th rough (viii) of the General Certificate 
(excluding deposits to the Subordinated Debt Service Fund, if any, paid from other funds of the City that are 
not Revenues and are not transferred from other Funds or Accounts established hereunder) for such 12-month 
period and (B) Net Revenues for such period of 12 consecutive months were at least equal to 125% of the 
Required Debt Service Fund Deposits on all then Outstanding Bonds for such 12-month period; and 
(ii) either 
(A) a Consultant Certificate of an Authorized Representative of  City, confirmed by 
the Consultant Certificate of an Accountant, certifying that for any period of 12 consecutive 
months included wholly within the most recent period of 18 cons ecutive months preceding 
the date on which such Bonds are to be issued for which such in formation is available, Net 
Revenues for such period of 12 consecutive months were at least  equal to 125% of the 
maximum annual Debt Service  in any Fiscal Year on all Outstand ing Bonds after giving 
effect to the issuance of such Bonds (and to the refunding of any Prior General Obligation 
Bonds or Bonds to be refunded from the proceeds thereof); provided, however, that solely for 
the purpose of making such certification (x) in computing the D ebt Service of Bonds that 
constitute Synthetic Fixed Rate Debt, the interest rate payable  thereon shall, if the City so 
elects, be that rate as provided for by the terms of the Swap o r the net interest rate payable 
pursuant to offsetting indices, as applicable, (y) in computing the Debt Service of Bonds with 
reference to which a Qualified Swap has been entered into where by the City has agreed to 
pay the floating variable rate thereunder, if the City so elects, no fixed interest rate amounts 
payable on the Bonds to which such Swap pertains shall be inclu ded and the interest rate 
payable thereon shall be the rate provided by the terms of the Swap, except that for any future 
period such rate shall be estimated in the manner provided for estimating interest on Variable 
Rate Bonds in the definition of “Debt Service” in Section 101 of the General Certificate, and 
(z) for purposes of computing the Debt Service of any Series of Bonds, including Capital 
Appreciation Bonds, as to which interest is deferred and compounded rather than being paid 
currently during any period of calculation required by the Gene ral Certificate, such 
calculation shall be made as if interest on such Bonds accrued and was deemed paid at a rate 
determined on the date of such calculation by a nationally know n investment banking firm 
selected by the City (which firm may be an owner or underwriter of any Bonds) to be the rate 
which, if earnings at such rate were compounded on the initial public sale price as set forth in 
the Supplemental Certificate authorizing such Bonds in the manner required by the terms of 
such Bonds through the maturity date or earlier date on which such compounding is scheduled 
to cease, would produce the amount of such Bonds scheduled to mature on such maturity date 
or the accrued value of such Bonds scheduled to exist on such earlier date, as the case may be 
(and for purposes of computing Debt Service at any time with re spect to any such Series of 
Bonds then outstanding, such calculation shall be made in accordance with the provisions of 
the Supplemental Certificate authorizing the issuance of such Series of Bonds); or 
(B)
 a Consultant Certificate of the Airport Consultant estimati ng that, for each Fiscal 
Year during the period commencing with (and including) the Fiscal Year in which such Bonds 
are to be issued and ending with (and including) the later of t he fifth subsequent Fiscal Year 
or the third Fiscal Year following the date on which all Projec ts financed in whole or in part 
by such Bonds are estimated to have been completed and placed i n operation, the 
requirements of the second sentence of Section 705(a) of the General Certificate will be {W11490398.1} C-16 
satisfied, taking into account the particular Series of Bonds to be issued (and the refunding of 
any Prior General Obligation Bonds or Bonds to be refunded from the proceeds thereof), such 
estimations to be based on estimates by the Independent Engineer of the cost to complete and 
the time for completion and initial operation of such Projects and to be after giving effect, 
among other factors as the Airport Consultant shall consider re levant, to any estimated 
changes in M&O Expenses and in Revenues as the result of the completion of such Projects 
or any portion thereof; 
(b) a Consultant Certificate of t he Authorized Representative of the City, dated as of the date of such 
delivery, stating that there is no Event of Default by the City with respect to the performance of any of the covenants, 
conditions, agreements or provisions contained in the General C ertificate, provided, however, that the City need 
deliver no such certification with respect to compliance with S ection 705 of the General Certificate for a Series of 
Refunding Bonds issued pursuant to Section 207(a)(i) of the General Certificate; 
(c) in the case of any Series of Completion Bonds, a Consultant  Certificate of the Authorized 
Representative of the City, dated as of the date of such delivery, stating (i) that the aggregate principal amount of the 
Bonds of such Series does not exceed an amount equal to 15% of the aggregate principal amount of Bonds previously 
issued for a Project the Costs of completing which are to be pa id from the proceeds of such Completion Bonds and 
reasonably allocated to such Project, (ii) that all of the proceeds of such prior Bonds reasonably allocable to such 
Project have been or will be used to pay Costs of such Project, (iii) that the then-estimated Costs of such Project exceed 
the sum of the Costs of such Project already paid plus moneys available in the Project Fund therefor (including unspent 
proceeds of such prior Bonds) and (iv) that the nature and purpose of such Project have not changed materially from 
those contemplated at the time of the issuance of the prior Bonds. (Section 206) 
Conditions Precedent to Delivery of Refunding Bonds 
Upon the receipt by the Trustee of certain documents, including  a Supplemental Certificate and opinions 
relating to such Bond one or more Series of Refunding Bonds may  be issued pursuant to Section 207 of the General 
Certificate at any time to refund any of the Prior General Obli gation Bonds or any Outstanding Bonds provided that 
either (i), but only with respect to Bonds issued to refund Prior General Obligation Bonds or Bonds, (A) Debt Service 
on the Prior General Obligation Bonds and the Bonds Outstanding immediately after the issuance of such Refunding  
Bonds for each Fiscal Year shall be no greater than Debt Service on the Prior General Obligation Bonds and the Bonds 
Outstanding immediately prior to the issuance of such Refunding  B o nds  a n d ( B )  t h e  f i na l  m a t ur i t y  of  t he  B o n ds 
Outstanding immediately after the issuance of such Refunding Bo nds shall be no later than the final maturity of the 
Bonds Outstanding immediately prior to the issuance of such Ref unding Bonds or (ii) the requirements of Section 
206(e) of the General Certificate shall have been satisfied after giving effect to the proposed refunding, all as shown 
in a Consultant Certificate signed by an Authorized Representat i ve  of  t he  C i t y  ( a n d,  a s  t o t he  m a tte r s  i n S e c t i o n  
206(e)(ii)(B) of the General Certificate, a Consultant Certificate of the Airport Consultant) and delivered to the Trustee 
prior to the authentication and delivery of such Series of Refu nding Bonds.  Refunding Bonds shall be issued in a 
principal amount sufficient, together with other moneys available therefor, to accomplish such refunding and to make 
the deposits in the Funds, Accounts and Subaccounts required by the provisions of the Supplemental Certificate 
authorizing such Bonds.  (Section 207). 
Parity Bond Anticipation Notes 
Whenever the City shall authorize the issuance of a Series of Bonds, the City may authorize the issuance of 
notes (and renewals thereof) in anticipation of such Bonds.  The principal of and interest on such notes and renewals 
thereof shall be payable from the proceeds of such notes or fro m the proceeds of the sale of the Series of Bonds in 
anticipation of which such notes are issued.  The proceeds of s uch Bonds may be pledged for the payment of the 
principal of and interest on such notes and any such pledge shall have a priority over any other pledge of such proceeds 
created by the General Certificate.  The City may pledge the Re venues to the payment of the interest on such notes 
which pledge may be on a parity with the pledge securing all Bond
 s in which event such interest shall be payable from 
the Debt Service Fund.  The City may also pledge the Revenues a nd moneys on deposit in the General Fund to the 
payment of the principal of such notes but such pledge shall be subordinate to the pledge securing the payment of the 
Bonds.  A copy of the authorizing action of the City Council authorizing such notes, certified by an Authorized 
Representative of the City, shall be delivered to the Trustee following its adoption.  (Section 208) {W11490398.1} C-17 
Credit Facilities 
(a) In connection with the issuance of any Series of Bonds here under, the City may obtain or cause to 
be obtained one or more Credit Facilities providing for payment  of all or a portion of the Principal Installments, or 
Redemption Price or interest due or to become due on such Bonds , providing for the purchase of such Bonds by the 
issuer of such Credit Facility or providing funds for the purchase of such Bonds by the City.   
(b) The City may secure such Credit Facility by an agreement pr oviding for the purchase of the Series 
of Bonds secured thereby with such adjustments to the rate of interest, method of determining interest, maturity, or 
redemption provisions as specified by the City in the applicabl e Supplemental Certificate.  The City may also in an 
agreement with the issuer of such Credit Facility agree to dire ctly reimburse such issuer for amounts paid under the 
terms of such Credit Facility, together with interest thereon ( the “Reimbursement Obligation”); provided, however, 
that no Reimbursement Obligation shall be deemed to be Outstand ing, for purposes of the G eneral Certificate, until 
amounts are paid under such Credit Facility.  Any such Reimburs ement Obligation may be secured by a pledge of, 
and a lien on, Revenues on a parity with the lien created by Section 501 of the General Certificate (a “Parity 
Reimbursement Obligation”).  Any such Parity Reimbursement Obligation shall be deemed to be a Bond of the Series 
of Bonds to which the Credit Facility which gave rise to such Parity Reimbursement Obligation related. 
(c) Any such Credit Facility shall be for the benefit of and se cure such Series of Bonds or portion thereof 
as specified in the applicable Supplemental Certificate.  (Section 209) 
The Pledge Effected by The General Certificate 
Under the General Certificate, there is pledged for the payment  of the Bonds, in accordance with the terms 
and the provisions of the General Certificate, for or to the purposes and on the terms and conditions set forth in the 
General Certificate:  (i) all Revenues and (ii) all moneys or securities in any of the Funds, Accounts and Subaccounts 
(except the Revenue Fund, the Operating Fund, the Rebate Fund, the Subordinated Debt Service Fund, if any, and the 
Subordinated Debt Service Reserve Fund, if any) together with t he investment earnings thereon except to the extent 
such earnings are required to be deposited in the Rebate Fund pursuant to a Supplemental Certificate.  It is the intention 
of the City that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, this pledge shall be valid and binding from the time when it is 
made, that the Revenues, moneys, securities and other funds so pledged and then or thereafter received by the City 
shall immediately be subject to the lien of such pledge and sha ll be valid and binding as against all parties having 
claims of any kind in tort, contract or otherwise against the C ity, irrespective of whether such parties have notice 
thereof.  (Section 501) 
Establishment of Funds and Accounts 
(a) Other than with respect to the funds described in subparagr aphs (vi) and (vii) below, the following 
Funds and Accounts are established under the General Certificate: 
(i) Revenue Fund; 
(ii) Project Fund; 
(iii) Operating Fund; 
 (iv) Debt Service Fund, containing a 
(A) Principal Account; 
(B) Interest Account; 
(C) Redemption Account; and  
(D) Capitalized Interest Account; {W11490398.1} C-18 
(v) Debt Service Reserve Fund containing such Series Accounts a s may be specified from time 
to time in a Supplemental Certificate; 
(vi) Subordinated Debt Service Fund, if any established upon issuance of any Subordinated 
Bonds; 
(vii) Subordinated Debt Service Reserve Fund, if any is establi shed upon issuance of any 
Subordinated Bonds; 
(viii) M&O Reserve Fund; 
(ix) Renewal and Repl acement Reserve Fund; 
(x) Rebate Fund; and 
(xi) General Fund. 
(b) Any Supplemental Certificate providing for the issue of a S eries of Bonds shall establish separate 
Accounts or Subaccounts. 
(c) Any Supplemental Certificate which provides for a Credit Facility to secure the payment of the 
Principal Installments of and interest on the Bonds authorized thereby or to secure the payment of the Tender Option 
Price of any Option Bonds authorized thereby, may establish one  or more “Special Account s” in the Debt Service 
Reserve Fund. 
(d) The City or, at the request of the City, the Trustee shall establish within any Fund held by the City 
or the Trustee, as applicable, such Accounts as shall be design ated in a Supplemental Certificate or in the written 
instructions of an Authorized Representative of the City and shall in like manner establish within any Fund or Account 
such Subaccounts as shall be so designated. 
(e) Unless otherwise expressly provided in the General Certific ate, all of the Funds, Accounts and 
Subaccounts shall be held by the City, except that (1) the Debt Service Fund and the Debt Service Reserve Fund shall 
be held by the Trustee, and (2) at the election of the City, any Fund initially held by the City or any Account or 
Subaccount therein may be transferred to the Trustee on such terms and for so long as the City may determine.  (Section 
502) 
Project Fund  
(a) There shall be deposited from time to time in the Project F und (i) Bond proceeds as described in 
Section 401(a) of the General Certificate; (ii) the proceeds of insurance, if any, maintained by the City against physical 
loss of or damage to the Jetport, or of contractors’ performance bonds with respect thereto, pertaining to the period of 
construction of any Project; (iii) the balance remaining of the proceeds of any Parity Bond Anticipation Notes issued 
to pay the Costs of a Project aft er payment or provision for pa yment of such notes; (iv) any amounts required to be 
deposited therein pursuant hereto or any Supplemental Certificate; (v) any moneys transferred from the General Fund 
pursuant to Section 514 of the General Certificate (which money s shall be held separately from Accounts or 
Subaccounts in the Project Fund holding proceeds of the sale of  any Bonds or any earnings thereon); and (vi) any 
other amounts received by the City for or in connection with the Jetport and determined by the City to be deposited in 
the Project Fund, which are not otherwise required to be applied in accordance with the General Certificate. 
(b) Except as otherwise provided in Section 507(e) and in Secti on 519 of the General Certificate, 
amounts in the Project Fund shall be expended only to pay Costs of a Project in the manner provided in Section 503 
of the General Certificate. {W11490398.1} C-19 
(c) The City shall only make paym ents from the Pr oject Fund (ex cept payments and withdrawals 
pursuant to Sections 507(e) and 519 of the General Certificate), in the amounts, on the other terms and conditions set 
forth in this subsection.   
(i) Each payment shall be properly payable out of the Project F und in accordance with the 
terms and conditions of the General Certificate and none of suc h items shall have formed 
the basis for any disbursement theretofore made from the Project Fund; and 
(ii) Moneys paid from the Project Fund shall be expended in com pliance with the provisions 
of Section 714 of the General Certificate. 
(d) Notwithstanding any of the other provisions of Section 503 of the General Certificate, to the extent 
that other moneys are not available therefor in any of the othe r Funds and Accounts established hereunder, amounts 
in the Project Fund shall be applied to the payment of Bonds wh en due in accordance with Sections 507(e) of the 
General Certificate. 
(e) At any time from time to time the City may transfer amounts  on deposit therein between a particular 
Subaccount within the Project Fund and another Subaccount within the Project Fund.  
(f) If the City at any time does not reasonably expect the moneys on deposit in any Subaccount of the 
Project Fund that constitute the proceeds of Tax Exempt Bonds t o be expended for the Costs of a Project, then such 
moneys shall be transferred to the Redemption Account and held in a Subaccount therein and applied solely to the 
redemption of Bonds of the Series to which such moneys relate o n the first date on which such Bonds may be called 
without premium (unless the City shall elect to call such Bonds  earlier at a premium) or, upon receipt of a Bond 
Counsel's opinion to the effect that such will not, in and of i tself, adversely affect the exclusion of interest of such 
Bonds from the gross income of the holders thereof, to the paym ent of interest on Bonds of the Series to which such 
monies relate.  Pending application to such redemption or to su ch payment of interest, such moneys shall be not be 
invested at a yield exceeding the yield on the related Series o f Bonds unless the City shall have provided a Bond 
Counsel’s Opinion to the effect that investment of such moneys at a greater yield would not adversely affect the 
exclusion of interest on any Tax  Exempt Bonds from gross income  of the holder for federal income tax purposes.  
(Section 503) 
Deposit of Revenues  
Commencing as of July 1, 2003, the City shall promptly deposit all Revenues received in the Revenue Fund.  
There shall also be deposited into the Revenue Fund all other a mounts required by the General Certificate to be so 
deposited.  (Section 504) 
Flow of Funds From the Revenue Fund  
(a) During any month, the City shall, from time to time, deposi t monies in the Operating Fund an 
amount necessary and sufficient to  pay M&O Expenses for that month which amount shall not exceed the M&O 
Expenses for that month as shown on the Operating Budget filed with the Trustee pursuant to Section 712 of the 
General Certificate.  On the last Business Day of each month, commencing July 31, 2003, the City shall, after making 
any transfers required pursuant to Section 505(a), Sections 508 (b) and 512(c) of the General Certificate, from the 
available amounts on deposit in the Revenue Fund, make the following deposits in the following order: 
(i) To the Debt Service Fund: 
(A) on a pro rata basis the amount necessary to make up any def iciency in any 
Subaccount resulting from an increase in the applicable interes t rate on any Variable Rate 
Bonds over the rate which was assumed in calculating the amount required for a prior deposit 
pursuant to Section 505(a)(ii)(B) of the General Certificate; {W11490398.1} C-20 
(B) on a pro rata basis to each Subaccount of the Interest Acco unt, after taking into 
account any moneys transferred or to be transferred from the co rresponding Subaccount of 
the Capitalized Interest Account if one has been established fo r the applicable Series, the 
amount necessary to increase the amount on deposit in each such Subaccount so that it equals 
interest included in Debt Service next coming due on Outstandin g Bonds of the applicable 
Series accrued and unpaid and to accrue to and including the la st day of the next succeeding 
month (assuming, in the case of Variable Rate Bonds, no further adjustments in the applicable 
interest rate); 
(C) on a pro rata basis to each Subaccount of the Principal Acc ount the amount 
necessary to increase the amount on deposit in each such Subacc ount so that it equals that 
portion of the Principal Installment included in Debt Service next coming due on Outstanding 
Bonds of the applicable Series accrued and unpaid and to accrue  (assuming such Principal 
Installment accrues on the same basis as simple interest on a d ebt) to and including the last 
day of the next succeeding month; provided, however, that no deposit shall be required to be 
made with respect to a Bond prior to twelve months before the n ext Principal Installment 
coming due on such Bond; and 
(D) on a pro rata basis to each Subaccount of the Redemption Ac count the amount, if 
any, necessary to increase the amount on deposit in each such Subaccount so that it equals the 
Redemption Price of Outstanding Bonds of the applicable Series then called for redemption 
(other than from Sinking Fund Installments) as of any date on o r prior to the last day of the 
next succeeding month, after taking into account amounts on dep osit in the applicable 
Subaccount within the Principal Account, if any, available to pay such Bonds called for 
redemption. 
The City shall not be required to make any payments into the Debt Service Fund when the aggregate amount 
of money in the Debt Service Fund and the Debt Service Reserve Fund is at least equal to the amount required to 
defease the lien of the General Certificate granted to secure payment of Bonds pursuant to Section 1201 of the General 
Certificate.  In determining the amount of any payment to any Account of the Debt Service Fund, the City shall take 
into account all cash and investments then in such Fund and hel d for the same purpose and shall, when appropriate, 
reduce or increase the amount of any payment accordingly. 
(ii) To the Debt Service Reserve Fund:  
(A) to the applicable Series Account therein established pursua nt to a Supplemental 
Certificate, one-twelfth (1/12) the amount, if any, necessary to increase the amount on deposit 
therein, determined as of the first day of the Fiscal Year, to an amount equal to the Series 
Debt Service Reserve Fund Requirement, if any (provided that no  such deposit shall be 
required in a Fiscal Year following the funding of such Series Account in connection with the 
issuance of a Series of Bonds pursuant to Section 206(d) of the General Certificate); and  
(B) to each such Special Account  the deposit required by any Su pplemental 
Certificate.  
(iii) To the Subordinated Debt Service Fund (if any is establis hed upon issuance of any 
Subordinated Bonds), such amounts as may be required to be depo sited therein pursuant to the terms of the 
financing documents executed and delivered with respect to such Subordinated Bonds. 
(iv) To the Subordinated Debt Se rvice Reserve Fund (if any is established upon issuance of any 
Subordinated Bonds), such amounts as may be required to be depo sited therein pursuant to the terms of the 
financing documents executed and delivered with respect to such Subordinated Bonds. {W11490398.1} C-21 
(v) To the M&O Reserve Fund, the amount necessary to make the a mount on deposit therein 
equal to M&O Expenses for the three consecutive months followin g the next succeeding month, as shown 
on the Operating Budget filed with the Trustee pursuant to Section 712 of the General Certificate. 
(vi) To the Renewal and Replacement Reserve Fund, one-twelfth ( 1/12) of the difference 
between the amount on deposit in such Fund on the first day of the current Fiscal Year and the Renewal and 
Replacement Reserve Requirement for the current Fiscal Year. 
(vii) To the Rebate Fund, the amount necessary to make the amou nt on deposit therein equal to 
the Rebate Fund Requirement, if any, determined in accordance with the applicable Supplemental Certificate. 
(viii) Subject to the provisions of Section 505(b) of the Gener al Certificate, to the General Fund, 
any moneys remaining after making the deposits set forth above. 
(b) On any day on which deposits are to be made pursuant to 505 (a) of the General Certificate after 
making the deposits required by Sections 505(a)(i) through (viii) of the General Certificate, the City may retain all or 
any portion of the remaining moneys in the Revenue Fund to provide additional moneys for deposits required under 
Section 505(a) of the General Certificate during the next month or thereafter.  (Section 505) 
Operating Fund 
(a) The Operating Fund shall be established as one or more acco unts with one or more banks or trust 
companies, as the City shall determine.  Moneys held in the Operating Fund shall be applied by the City to the payment 
of M&O Expenses in accordance with the Operating Budget. 
(b) Moneys in the Revenue Fund shall be deposited into the Operating Fund pursuant to Section 505(a) 
of the General Certificate.  From time to time, moneys on depos it in the M&O Reserve Fund may be deposited into 
the Operating Fund pursuant to Section 511 of the General Certificate.  (Section 506) 
Debt Service Fund 
(a) The Trustee shall, for each Series of Bonds Outstanding, pa y (i) on each Payment Date with respect 
to a Series of Bonds, (A) from the moneys on deposit in the app licable Subaccount within the Principal Account of 
the Debt Service Fund the amounts required for the payment of the Principal Installments, if any, due on such Payment 
Date and (B) from the moneys on deposit in the applicable Subaccount within the Interest Account of the Debt Service 
Fund, including the moneys credited to the Subaccount, if any, established for such Series in the Capitalized Interest 
Account in such Fund, the interest due on such Payment Date; (ii) on any redemption date other than for sinking fund 
redemption, (A) from the applicable Subaccount within the Inter est Account of the Debt Service Fund the amounts 
required for the payment of accrued interest on Bonds to be redeemed on such date unless the payment of such accrued 
interest shall be otherwise provided and (B) from the applicabl e Subaccount within the Redemption Account of the 
Debt Service Fund, the amounts required for the payment of principal of and premium, if any, on Bonds to be redeemed 
(other than by sinking fund redemption); and (iii) on any date of purchase (A) from the applicable Subaccount within 
the Principal Account of the Debt Service Fund, the amounts req uired for the payment of principal of any Bonds to 
be purchased to the extent sufficient amounts are not available therefor under a Credit Facility in accordance with the 
applicable Supplemental Certificate, and (B) from the applicable Subaccount within the Interest Account of the Debt 
Service Fund, any amounts required for the payment of accrued interest on Bonds to be purchased to the extent 
sufficient amounts are not available therefor under a Credit Fa cility in accordance with the applicable Supplemental 
Certificate or unless the payment of such accrued interest shall be otherwise provided. 
(b) The amounts accumulated in t he applicable Subaccount within  the Principal Account of the Debt 
Service Fund for each Sinking Fund Installment shall, at the direction of an Authorized Representative of the City, be 
applied (together with amounts in the applicable Subaccount wit hin the Interest Account of the Debt Service Fund 
with respect to interest on the Bonds for which such Sinking Fu nd Installment was established) by the Trustee prior 
to the 45th day preceding the due date of such Sinking Fund Installment as follows: {W11490398.1} C-22 
(i) to the purchase of Bonds of the Series and maturity for whi ch such Sinking Fund 
Installment was established, at prices (including any brokerage  and other charges) not exceeding the 
Redemption Price payable for such Bonds when such Bonds are redeemable by application of such Sinking 
Fund Installment plus unpaid inte rest accrued to the date of purchase, such purchases to be made by the 
Trustee as directed in writing by an Authorized Representative of the City; or 
(ii) to the redemption of such Bonds pursuant to Article VI, if  then redeemable by their terms, 
at or below the Redemption Price referred to in clause (i) above;  
provided, however, that the Trustee shall not call for redempti on or purchase any Bonds pursuant to this Subsection 
507(b) of the General Certificate that have already been called for redemption pursuant to the provisions of Article VI. 
(c) Upon the purchase or redemption of any Bond pursuant to sub section (b) of Section 507 of the 
General Certificate, an amount equal to the principal amount of the Bond so purchased or redeemed shall be credited 
toward the next Sinking Fund Installment thereafter to become d ue and the amount of any excess of the amounts so 
credited over the amount of such Sinking Fund Installment shall be credited against future Sinking Fund Installments 
in direct chronological order. 
(d) As soon as practicable after the 45th day preceding the due date of any such Sinking Fund 
Installment, the Trustee shall proceed to call for redemption, pursuant to Section 603 of the General Certificate, on 
such due date Bonds of the Series and maturity for which such S inking Fund Installment was established in such 
amount as shall be necessary to complete the retirement of the principal amount specified for such Sinking Fund 
Installment of the Bonds of such Series and maturity.  The Trus tee shall so call such Bonds for redemption whether 
or not it then has moneys in the Debt Service Fund sufficient t o pay the applicable Redemption Price thereof on the 
redemption date.  The Trustee shall apply to the redemption of the Bonds on each such redemption date, the amount 
required for the redemption of such Bonds.  (Section 507) 
Priority of Funds in Event of Debt Service Fund Shortfall 
If on any Payment Date with respect to a Series of Bonds there shall be insufficient moneys available in the 
applicable Subaccount within the applicable Account in the Debt Service Fund to provide for payment of the Principal 
Installments of or interest on any Series of Bonds then due, after drawing any moneys available for such purpose from 
any applicable Credit Facility or Special Account in the Debt Service Reserve Fund, the City or, as the case may be, 
the Trustee shall withdraw and apply the necessary moneys to provide for such insufficiency from the following Funds 
and Accounts in the following order:  (i) amounts in the Redemption Account not yet committed to the redemption of 
Bonds, (ii) the General Fund, (iii) the Subordinated Debt Service Fund, (iv) the applicable Series Account in the Debt 
Service Reserve Fund, (v) the Renewal and Replacement Reserve Fund and (vi) the Project Fund.  (Section 507(e)) 
Debt Service Reserve Fund 
(a) Amounts on deposit in each of the Series Accounts in the De bt Service Reserve Fund shall be 
applied, to the extent other funds are not available therefor p ursuant to Section 507 of the General Certificate, solely 
to pay the Principal Installments of and interest on the Bonds of the Series to which such Series Account relates as 
and when specified in the applicable Supplemental Certificate.  Amounts so applied shall be derived first, from cash 
or Investment Securities on deposit therein and, second, from d raws or demands on Financial Guaranties held as a 
part thereof upon the terms and conditions set forth in any such Financial Guaranty or as set forth in the Supplemental 
Certificate authorizing use of such Financial Guaranty.   
(b) If, as of June 30, or, if such day is not a Business Day, on the next preceding Business Day, the 
amount in any Special Account exceeds its requirement under the  applicable Supplemental Certificate for the Fiscal 
Year then ending, after giving effect in the case of each such Account to any Credit Facility deposited in such Account, 
the Trustee shall withdraw from such Account the amount of any excess therein as of the date of such withdrawal and 
deposit the moneys so withdrawn first into the Interest Account of the Debt Service Fund until the amount on deposit 
therein is equal to the next deposit required to be made pursua nt
  to Section 505(a) of the General Certificate and 
second to the Principal Account of the Debt Service Fund until the amount on deposit therein is equal to the next {W11490398.1} C-23 
deposit required to be made therein pursuant to Section 505(a) of the General Certificate.  Any balance of such excess 
remaining shall be applied as provided in the previous sentence with respect to deposits required pursuant to Section 
505(a) of the General Certificate for as many succeeding months as is necessary to fully apply such excess. 
(c) Whenever the amount (exclusive of Financial Guaranties and Credit Facilities) in all of the Accounts 
in the Debt Service Reserve Fund, together with the amount in t he Debt Service Fund, is sufficient to pay all 
Outstanding Series of Bonds in accordance with their respective  terms, the funds on deposit in the Debt Service 
Reserve Fund shall be transferred to the Debt Service Fund and applied to the redemption or payment at maturity of 
all Bonds Outstanding.   
(d) In lieu of the required deposits and transfers to any Series Account in the Debt Service Reserve 
Fund, the City may cause to be deposited in any such Series Account, Financial Guaranties in an amount equal to the 
difference between the Series Debt Service Reserve Fund Requirement and the sums, if any, then on deposit in such 
Account or being deposited in such Account concurrently with such Financial Guaranties.  The Financial Guaranties 
shall be payable (upon the giving of notice as required thereun der) on any date on which moneys will be required to 
be withdrawn from the applicable Series Account in the Debt Ser vice Reserve Fund and applied to the payment of a 
Principal Installments of or interest on the applicable Series of Bonds and such withdrawal cannot be met by moneys 
on deposit in the applicable Series Account.  If a disbursement is made pursuant to Financial Guaranties, the City shall 
be obligated either (i) to reinstate the maximum limits of such Financial Guaranties or (ii) to deposit into the applicable 
Series Account, funds in the amount of the disbursement made under such Financial Guaranties, or a combination of 
such alternatives, as shall provide that the amount in such Ser ies Account equals the applicable Series Debt Service 
Reserve Fund Requirement.   
(e) In the event of the refunding of any Bonds, the Trustee sha ll, upon the written direction of the City, 
withdraw from the Subaccount and Account related to the Bonds to be refunded all or any portion of the amounts 
accumulated therein with respect to the Bonds to be refunded an d deposit such amounts as provided in such written 
direction; provided that such withdrawal shall not be made unless (i) immediately thereafter the Bonds being refunded 
shall be deemed to have been paid pursuant to Section 1201 of t he General Certificate, and (ii), after giving effect to 
any amounts being simultaneously deposited therein, the amount remaining in each Series Account after such 
withdrawal shall not be less than the applicable Series Debt Service Reserve Fund Requirement.  (Section 508) 
M&O Reserve Fund 
(a) Moneys in the M&O Reserve Fund shall be transferred to the Operating Fund to be applied to the 
payment of M&O Expenses upon delivery to the Trustee of a Consultant Certificate of an Authorized Representative 
to the effect that moneys on deposit in the Operating Fund are insufficient therefor.  
(b) If on any day on which a transfer pursuant to Section 505(a )(vi) of the General Certificate is 
required, Revenues are insufficient to make the deposits to the M&O Reserve Fund required by such Section, or if on 
any date the City delivers a Consultant Certificate to the Trustee to the effect that moneys in the Operating Fund and 
the M&O Reserve Fund are insuffi cient to meet M&O Expenses then due and payable then, subject to any transfers 
to be made on such date pursuant to Sections 507(e) of the General Certificate, the City shall withdraw and apply the 
necessary moneys to provide for su ch insufficiency from the fol lowing Funds and Accounts in the following order: 
(i) the General Fund and (ii) the Renewal and Replacement Reserve Fund. 
(c) If on any June 30, or if such day is not a Business Day, on  the next preceding Business Day, the 
amount on deposit in the M&O Reserve Fund is in excess of the M &O Expenses for the next succeeding August, 
September and October, as shown on the Operating Budget filed w ith the Trustee pursuant to Section 712 of the 
General Certificate, such excess shall be transferred to the Revenue Fund.  (Section 511) 
Renewal and Replacement Reserve Fund  
(a) Moneys in the Renewal and Replacement Reserve Fund shall be  applied as provided in Section 507 
of the General Certificate for any Capital Expenditure that is not provided for by moneys available in the Project Fund, 
the General Fund or the O
 perating Fund, including without limitation the costs of unanticipated or emergency repairs {W11490398.1} C-24 
or replacements of any part of the Jetport which are properly chargeable to plant or property accounts under generally 
accepted accounting principles.  The City shall withdraw from such Fund and deposit in one or more special separate 
Subaccounts established for such purpose in the Project Fund or , if the City has by resolution determined to 
subsequently finance such Capital Expenditure by the issuance of Bonds in a Subaccount relating to such Bonds, any 
amount specified by the City but  only upon receipt of a Consult ant Certificate of an Authorized Representative (i) 
specifying the improvement to which such Capital Expenditure wi ll be applied, its estimated Cost and estimated 
completion date and (ii) certifying (a) that such improvement t o which such Capital Expenditure will be applied is 
reasonably required for the continued operation of the Jetport or the maintenance of Revenues, (b) that all or a portion 
of such Capital Expenditure was not included in the Cost of Cap ital Expenditures to be financed in whole or in part 
from the Operating Fund and (c) that only the Cost of improvement to which such Capital Expenditure will be applied 
that is in excess of the amounts available therefor in such Fun d is being or has previously been transferred from the 
Renewal and Replacement Reserve Fund.  Upon completion of improvement to which such Capital Expenditure will 
be applied, any amount so deposited and not necessary to pay su ch Capital Expenditure shall be redeposited in the 
Renewal and Replacement Reserve Fund.  The City shall also apply moneys in the Renewal and Replacement Reserve 
Fund as set forth in Section 507(e) of the General Certificate. 
(b) If, on any day on which a transfer pursuant to Section 505( a) of the General Certificate is required, 
Revenues are insufficient to make the deposits to the Renewal a nd Replacement Reserve Fund required by such 
Section, or if on any date the City delivers a Consultant Certi ficate to the Trustee to the effect that moneys in the 
Renewal and Replacement Reserve Fund are insufficient to meet t he Costs of a Capital Expenditure to be funded 
pursuant to Section 512(a) of the General Certificate then due and payable, then, subject to any transfer to be made on 
such date pursuant to Section 507(e) of the General Certificate , the City shall withdraw and apply the necessary 
moneys to provide for such insufficiency from the General Fund. 
(c) If on any June 30, or, if such day is not a Business Day, o n the next preceding Business Day, the 
amount on deposit in the Renewal and Replacement Fund is in excess of the Renewal and Replacement Reserve Fund 
Requirement for the Fiscal Year then ending, such excess shall be transferred to the Revenue Fund or shall be retained 
i n  t h e  R e n e w a l  a n d  R e p l a c e m e n t  R e s e r v e  F u n d  u p o n  t h e  d e l i v e r y  of a Consultant Certificate of an Authorized 
Representative to the effect that such amounts being retained are necessary to meet the Costs of Capital Expenditures 
properly payable from such Fund in accordance with Section 512(a) of the General Certificate.  (Section 512) 
General Fund 
(a) Moneys in the General Fund may be disbursed for any lawful purpose relating to the Jetport, 
including without limitation, by way of transfer to any Fund or  Account established pursuant hereto or any 
Supplemental Certificate.  In the event that moneys in the Gene ral Fund are transferred to the Redemption Account 
and applied to the redemption of Bonds, pending application to redemption of Tax Exempt Bonds such moneys shall 
be invested at a yield not exceeding the yield on the Bonds to be redeemed unless the City shall deliver a Bond 
Counsel’s Opinion to the effect that investment of such moneys at a higher yield is permitted without adversely 
affecting the exclusion of interest on the Bonds from gross inc ome for federal income tax purposes.  Moneys in the 
General Fund shall also be transferred and applied to the payme nt of principal of and interest on Parity Bond 
Anticipation Notes issued pursuant to Section 208 of the Genera l Certificate to the extent provided in any 
Supplemental Certificate authorizing such Parity Bond Anticipation Notes. 
(b) The City shall also apply moneys in the General Fund as set  forth in Sections 507(e) and 512(b) of 
the General Certificate. 
(c) The City may deposit to the credit of the General Fund any sum received by the City with respect 
to the Jetport from any source for any purpose for which the mo neys held for the credit of the General Fund may be 
disbursed. 
(d) If then permitted by law, moneys held for the credit of the  General Fund (or any portion thereof) 
may be pledged by the City to the payment of the principal of and interest on any notes or other obligations issued by 
the City for any purpose for which the moneys held to the credit 
 of the General Fund may be disbursed.  (Section 514) 
  {W11490398.1} C-25 
Trustee Deposits  
(a) All moneys or securities held by the City or the Trustee un der the provisions of the General 
Certificate shall constitute trust funds.  All moneys or securi ties deposited under the provisions of the General 
Certificate with the Trustee shall be held in trust and applied  only in accordance with the provisions of the General 
Certificate, and each of such Funds established by the General Certificate shall be a trust fund for the purposes of the 
General Certificate.  The City acknowledges that any moneys or securities credited to a Fund or an Account hereunder 
which are deposited with the Trustee shall be identified to be part of such Fund or Account and subject to the pledge 
created hereunder.  Prior to the first deposit of any moneys or  securities with the Trustee, the City shall obtain from 
the Trustee its agreement to serve as agent of the City in holding such moneys or securities in trust in favor of the City 
and the contract or other written instrument between the City a nd the Trustee governing the establishment and 
operation of such account shall provide the moneys or securities from time to time deposited with the Trustee shall be 
held by the Trustee as such agent in trust in favor of the City or the Trustee; provided that, except as otherwise 
expressly provided in the General Certificate, the City shall b e permitted at any time to make withdrawals from and 
write checks or other drafts against any account held by the City and apply the same for the purposes specified in the 
General Certificate and, subject to Section 519 of the General Certificate, the City shall be permitted to invest amounts 
in any such account in Investment Securities.   
(b) The Trustee shall be a bank or trust company organized unde r the laws of a state of the United States 
of America or a national banking association organized under the laws of the United States of America, having capital 
stock, surplus and undivided ear nings aggregating at least $100 ,000,000 (or such greater amount as set forth in a 
Supplemental Certificate) and willing and able to accept the office on reasonable and customary terms and authorized 
by law to act in accordance with the provisions of the General Certificate. (Section 517) 
Investment of Certain Funds 
(a) Moneys held in the Debt Service Fund shall be invested and reinvested by the Trustee to the fullest 
extent practicable in Investment Securities of the type describ ed in clause (a), (b), (c), (d), (f), (h), (i) or (j) of the 
definition of Investment Securities in Section 101 of the General Certificate, which mature not later than at such times 
as shall be necessary to provide moneys when needed for payments to be made from such Funds.  Moneys held in the 
Debt Service Reserve Fund shall be invested and reinvested by the Trustee to the fullest extent practicable in 
Investment Securities of the type described in clause (a), (b),  (c), (d), (f), (h) or (i) of the definition of Investment 
Securities which mature not later than at such times as shall be necessary to provide moneys when needed for payment 
to be made from such Fund.  Moneys held in any other Fund or Ac count established hereunder may be invested and 
reinvested in Investment Securities which mature not later than  such times as shall be necessary to provide moneys 
when needed for payments to be made from such Funds.  The Trustee shall make all such investments of moneys held 
by it in accordance with written instructions from any Authoriz ed Representative of the City, which may for this 
purpose include one or more investment advisors designated in writing by such Authorized Representative from time 
to time.  In making any investment in any Investment Securities with moneys in any Fund or Account established 
hereunder, the City may, and may instruct the Trustee to, combi ne such moneys with moneys in any other Fund or 
Account, but solely for purposes of making such investment in such Investment Securities.   
(b) Interest (net of that which represents a return of accrued interest paid in connection with the purchase 
of any investment) and other investment earnings on any moneys or investments in the Funds and Accounts, other 
than the Project Fund, the Debt Service Fund and the Debt Service Reserve Fund, shall be paid into the Revenue Fund 
on the last Business Day of each month.  Interest (net of that which represents a return of accrued interest paid in 
connection with the purchase of any investment) and other investment earnings on any moneys or investments in the 
Debt Service Fund shall be retained in the Debt Service Fund.  Interest (net of that which represents a return of accrued 
interest paid in connection with the purchase of any investment ) and other investment earnings on any moneys or 
investments in the Project Fund shall be paid, on the last Busi ness Day of each month, to the related Subaccounts of 
the Debt Service Fund first to the Interest Account and second to the Principal Account; provided, however, that the 
City may from time to time direct that all or a portion of such earnings may be retained in the Project Fund for any 
period of time.  Interest (net of that which represents a return of
  accrued interest paid in connection with the purchase 
of any investment) and other investment earnings on any moneys or investments in the Debt Service Reserve Fund 
shall be paid, on the last Business Day of each month, on a pro rata basis based on the required deposits to each Series 
Subaccount therein pursuant to Section 505(a) of the General Ce rtificate, first to the In terest Account of the Debt {W11490398.1} C-26 
Service Fund and second to the Pr incipal Account of the Debt Se rvice Fund; provided however, that the City may 
direct that investment earnings on any moneys or investments in the Debt Service Reserve Fund may be deposited for 
such period of time as the City may determine in the Revenue Fund or the Project Fund if the City shall obtain a Bond 
Counsel’s Opinion to the effect that such application of earnings shall not adversely affect the exclusion of interest on 
any Tax Exempt Bonds from gross income of the holder for federal income tax purposes.   
(c) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of Section 519 of the General Certificate, the City may 
direct that investment earnings reasonably expected to be subject to the requirements of section 148(f) of the Code or 
the Treasury Regulations applicable thereto may be deposited di rectly to the Rebate Fund to the extent desirable to 
comply with the requirements of section 148(f) of the Code or the Treasury Regulations applicable thereto.  (Section 
519) 
Valuation and Sale of Investments 
Obligations purchased as an investment of moneys in any Fund cr eated under the provisions of the General 
Certificate shall be deemed at all times to be a part of such F und and any profit realized from the liquidation of such 
investment shall be credited to such Fund and any loss resultin g from the liquidation of such investment shall be 
charged to such Fund.   
In computing the amount in any Fund created under the provisions of the General Certificate for any purpose 
provided in the General Certificate, obligations purchased as a n investment of moneys therein shall be valued at the 
amortized cost of such obligations or the market value thereof, whichever is lower.  As used in the General Certificate 
the term “amortized cost”, when used with respect to an obligation purchased at a premium above or a discount below 
par, means the value as of any given time obtained by dividing the total premium or discount at which such obligation 
was purchased by the number of days remaining to maturity on su ch obligation at the date of such purchase and by 
multiplying the amount thus calculated by the number of days having passed since such purchase; and (i) in the case 
of an obligation purchased at a premium by deducting the produc t thus obtained from the purchase price, and (ii) in 
the case of an obligation purchased at a discount by adding the  product thus obtained to the purchase price.  Any 
deficiency resulting from a decrease in the valuation of investments held in the applicable Series Account of the Debt 
Service Reserve Fund may be disregarded for purposes of calculating deposits required pursuant to Section 505 of the 
General Certificate provided that the amount on deposit in the applicable Series Account of the Debt Service Reserve 
Fund is an amount equal to at least ninety-five percent (95%) of the Series Debt Service Reserve Fund Requirement.  
The accrued interest paid in connection with the purchase of any obligation shall be included in the value thereof until 
interest on such obligation is paid.  Such computation shall be  made annually on June 30 for all Funds and at such 
other times as the City shall determine or as may be required by the General Certificate.   
Except as otherwise provided in the General Certificate, the Trustee shall sell at the best price obtainable, or 
present for redemption, any obligation so purchased as an investment whenever it shall be requested in writing by an 
Authorized Representative of the City so to do.  Whenever it sh all be necessary in order to provide moneys to meet 
any payment or transfer from any Fund held by the Trustee, the Trustee shall sell at the best price obtainable or present 
for redemption such obligation or obligations designated by an Authorized Representative of the City necessary to 
provide sufficient moneys for such payment or transfer; provide d, however, that if the City fails to provide such 
designation promptly after request thereof by the Trustee, the Trustee may in its discretion select the obligation or 
obligations to be sold or presented for redemption.  The Trustee shall not be liable or responsible for any loss resulting 
from the making of any such investment or the sale or redemptio n of any obligation in the manner provided above.  
(Section 520) 
Rebate Fund 
Upon the issuance, sale and delivery of any Series of Bonds sub ject to the Rebate Fund Requirement, the 
City shall establish a separate account within the Rebate Fund for such Series.  Funds on deposit in the Rebate Fund 
shall be applied as set forth in the applicable Supplemental Certificate.  Unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Supplemental Certificate, interest or other income derived from  the investment or deposit of moneys in the Rebate 
Fund shall be transferred to the Operating Fund.  (Section 521) 
  {W11490398.1} C-27 
Covenant as to Rates and Charges; Debt Service Coverage Ratio 
(a) The City shall for each Fiscal Year fix and adjust Rates an d Charges with respect to the Jetport, 
which Rates and Charges shall be adopted by the Governing Body and which adoption shall be conclusive and final 
and not subject to supervision or regulation by any office, department, division, commission, board, bureau or agency 
of the State or any of its political subdivisions.  The City co venants that in each Fiscal Year (1) Net Revenues shall 
equal or exceed the sum of Required Debt Service Fund Deposits plus deposits required to be made under Sections 
505(a)(iii) through (v iii) of the General Certificate (excludin g interest or other earnings on the Project Fund and 
amounts paid from other funds of the City that are not Revenues and are not transferred from other Funds or Accounts 
established hereunder), and (2) Net Revenues for such Fiscal Ye ar shall equal or exceed 125% of Required Debt 
Service Fund Deposits. 
( b )  I f  i n  a n y  F i s c a l  Y e a r ,  N e t  R e v e n u e s  s h a l l  n o t  s a t i s f y  t h e  requirements of Section 705(a) of the 
General Certificate, then the City shall not be deemed to be in  default hereunder so long as it shall have complied or 
is diligently proceeding to comply with the requirements of Sec tion 705(d) and 705(e) of the General Certificate; 
provided, however, that if (1) the City shall not satisfy the requirements of Section 705(a) of the General Certificate 
for the first full Fiscal Year following its failure to satisfy such requirements, or (2) Net Revenues for such Fiscal Year 
shall not equal or exceed 100% of the Required Debt Service Fund Deposits, then notwithstanding the foregoing such 
failure shall constitute a default hereunder. 
(c) On or before the last day of each Fiscal Year, the City sha ll review the adequacy of its rates, fees, 
rentals and other charges with respect to the Jetport to satisfy the requirements of Section 705 of the General Certificate 
for the next succeeding Fiscal Y ear.  If such review, or any re port of an Airport Consultant provided in connection 
with such review or in accordance with any Section of the Gener al Certificate, indicates that the rates, fees, rentals 
and other charges with respect to the Jetport are, or are likel y to be, insufficient to meet the requirements of Section 
705 of the General Certificate for the next succeeding Fiscal Year, or if it otherwise appears at any time during such 
Fiscal Year that rates, fees, rentals and other charges with re spect to the Jetport are or are likely to be insufficient to 
meet such requirements, the City shall promptly take such steps as are permitted by law and as are necessary to cure 
or avoid the deficiency. 
(d) Within 180 days of the close of each Fiscal Year while Bond s are Outstanding, the City shall deliver 
to the Trustee a Consultant Certif icate of an Authorized Repres entative stating, if such was the case, that the City 
satisfied the requirements of Section 705(a) of the General Certificate in such Fiscal Year or, if such was not the case, 
specifying in reasonable detail the corrective steps taken by the City so that it will comply with such requirements in 
the then current Fiscal Year.  S uch Consultant Certificate shal l be accompanied by a Consultant Certificate of an 
Accountant in accordance with Section 713 of the General Certif icate setting forth the amounts for the preceding 
Fiscal Year which are necessary t o determine compliance with th e requirements of Section 705(a) of the General 
Certificate.  If the amounts set forth in the Consultant Certif icate of an Accountant indicate that the City was not in 
compliance for such Fiscal Year with the provisions of Section 705(a) of the General Certificate, the Airport 
Consultant shall review the adequacy of the City’s rates, fees, rentals and other charges with respect to the Jetport and 
shall recommend changes necessary for the City to be in complia nce with Section 705(a) of the General Certificate 
by the end of the then current Fiscal Year and for the following Fiscal Year.  The City covenants, to the extent 
permitted by law and existing contractual obligations, to use i ts best efforts to effect such changes as are so 
recommended by the Airport Consultant.  (Section 705) 
Maintenance of Powers; Retention of Assets  
(a) The City covenants that it will use its best efforts to kee p the Jetport open for landings, takeoffs and 
servicing of aircraft using facilities comparable to those whic h currently comprise the Jetport and to maintain the 
powers, functions, duties and obligations now reposed in it pursuant to law with respect to the Jetport, and will not at 
any time voluntarily do, suffer or permit any act or thing the effect of which would be to hinder, delay or imperil either 
the payment of the indebtedness evidenced by any of the Bonds or any other obligation secured by the General 
Ce
rtificate or the performance or observance of any of the covenants in the General Certificate contained. {W11490398.1} C-28 
(b) The City covenants that it will not dispose of assets neces sary to operate the Jetport in the manner 
and at the levels of activity required to enable it to perform its covenants contained in the General Certificate, 
including, without limitation, the covenants contained in Section 705 of the General Certificate.  (Section 706) 
Insurance  
The City shall at all times (a) carry insurance or cause insura nce to be carried with a responsible insurance 
company or companies authorized and qualified under the laws of any state of the United States of America to assume 
the risk thereof, covering such portions of the Jetport as are customarily insured, and against loss or damage from such 
causes as are customarily insured against, by enterprises engaged in a similar type of business or (b) have adopted and 
maintain a risk financing plan for property and casualty losses  which shall address such risks in accordance with the 
risks usually and customarily addressed by the City with regard to a public asset.  (Section 707) 
Indebtedness and Liens  
(a) Except for Subordinated Bonds or as provided in Article II of the General Certificate or in Section 
709 of the General Certificate, the City shall not issue any bonds, notes or other evidences of indebtedness secured by 
a pledge of or other lien or charge on the Revenues and shall n ot create or cause to be created any lien or charge on 
such Revenues or on any amounts held by any Trustee hereunder; but Section 709 of the General Certificate shall not 
prevent the City from issuing bonds or notes or other obligatio ns for the purposes of the Jetport payable out of, or 
secured by a pledge of, Revenues to be derived on and after the  date that the pledge of the Revenues provided in the 
General Certificate shall be discharged and satisfied as provided in Section 1202 of the General Certificate and which 
recite on their face that such pledge of said amounts is and shall be in all respects subordinate to the provisions of the 
General Certificate and the lien and pledge created by the General Certificate.  Without limiting the generality of the 
foregoing, the City agrees that, except as permitted by the Gen eral Certificate, it shall not incur any Indebtedness or 
permit the issuance of any bonds payable from or secured by a pledge of or lien on Revenues prior or superior to, or 
on a parity with, the lien securing the Bonds. 
(b) Notwithstanding anything in the General Certificate to the contrary, so long as no default shall have 
occurred hereunder and be continuing, the City may issue at any time or from time to time: 
(i) Indebtedness issued in antic ipation of Grant Receipts that may be secured solely by a 
pledge of the proceeds of such Indebtedness, the Grant Receipts anticipated, other amounts on deposit from 
time to time in any separate account established by the City to  hold Grant Receipts, earnings thereon and 
other amounts not constituting Revenues hereunder; or 
(ii) Indebtedness issued in anticipation of PFC Revenues that m ay be secured solely by a 
pledge of the proceeds of such Indebtedness, the PFC Revenues anticipated, other amounts on deposit from 
time to time in any separate account established by the City to  hold PFC Revenues, earnings thereon and 
other amounts not constituting Revenues hereunder; or 
(iii) Other Indebtedness that is not payable from or secured by Revenues, unless such payment 
or security is on a basis that in all respects subordinate to t he pledge and lien of the General Certificate 
including without limitation Indebtedness that is payable from and secured solely by one or more of (A) 
amounts on deposit in or to be deposited in the General Fund pursuant to Sections 505 and 514 of the General 
Certificate, and (B) proceeds of such Indebtedness. 
Any Indebtedness described in Section 709(b) of the General Certificate, in addition to the security therefor 
described or provided for in the General Certificate, may be issued as general obligations of the City or as special 
obligations payable solely from the Grant Receipts, amounts, proceeds, moneys, securities or funds pledged as security 
therefor. 
(c) Notwithstanding anything in the General Certificate to the contrary, the City may issue Indebtedness 
secured solely by the revenues, receipts or other moneys derived by the City from the lease, license, operation, sale or 
other disposition of any facility or equipment (whether or not part of the Jetport) hereafter constructed or acquired by {W11490398.1} C-29 
or on behalf of the City with the proceeds of such Indebtedness.  Such Indebtedness shall be special, limited obligations 
of the City payable solely out of the revenues, receipts and ot her moneys pledged therefor.  Such revenues, receipts 
and other moneys shall not be considered Revenues hereunder pro vided that (i) neither the debt service on such 
Indebtedness nor any cost of the acquisition, construction, ope ration, maintenance or repair of any such facility or 
equipment nor provision for reserves for any of the foregoing shall be paid from the proceeds of  Indebtedness or from 
Revenues (other than Revenues deposited in or available for dep osit in the General Fund pursuant to Section 505 of 
the General Certificate) or shall be included in M&O Expenses, (ii) any such revenues, receipts and moneys in excess 
of such debt service, cost of acquisition, construction, operat ion, maintenance and repair and reserves shall be 
deposited in the Revenue Fund (and upon such deposit shall be d eemed Revenues), and (iii) prior to the issue of any 
such Indebtedness, the City shall deliver to the Trustee a Cons ultant Certificate of the Airport Consultant certifying 
that (A) the lease, license, operation, sale or other disposition of such facility or equipment and (B) the application of 
the revenues, receipts and other moneys derived therefrom to (x ) the operation, maintenance and repair thereof, (y) 
the payment of the debt service on the Indebtedness issued therefor and (z) the provision of reserves for the foregoing 
will not result in any decrease in the Revenues projected by such Airport Consultant to be received by the City during 
the succeeding five Fiscal Years (including the Fiscal Year in which such Indebtedness is issued).  (Section 709) 
Independent Engineer 
The City shall, until the Bonds and the interest thereon shall have been paid or provision for such payment 
shall have been made, when required to assure the performance o f the duties imposed on the Independent Engineer 
by the General Certificate, employ an independent architect or engineer or firm of architects or engineers having a 
nationwide and favorable repute for skill and experience in rev i e w i n g  a n d  a d v i s i n g  w i t h  r e s p e c t  t o  t h e  p l a n s ,  
specifications, costs, schedules and procedures for constructing airport facilities.  The Independent Engineer shall be 
selected by the City and, except in the case of the firm serving as Independent Engineer at the time of the adoption of 
the General Certificate, shall be acceptable to the Trustee.  T he acceptance of the Trustee shall not be unreasonably 
withheld or delayed; and if the Trustee shall fail to so accept, it shall deliver to the City a statement of its reasons for 
such failure.  In rendering any report, certificate or opinion required pursuant hereto, the Independent Engineer may 
rely upon information, certificates, opinions or reports required to be provided by others pursuant hereto, and upon 
other sources which the Independent Engineer considers reliable, and other considerations and assumptions as deemed 
appropriate by the Independent Engineer.  Subject to Section 12 04 of the General Certificate, copies of any such 
report, certificate or opinion shall be delivered to the Truste e and made available by the Trustee to any holder of the 
Bonds or their duly authorized representative for inspection.  (Section 710) 
Airport Consultant 
The City shall, until the Bonds and the interest thereon shall have been paid or provision for such payment 
shall have been made, for the purpose of performing and carryin g out the duties imposed on the Airport Consultant 
by the General Certificate, employ an independent accountant or  firm of independent accountants, or a management 
consultant or management consulting firm, or independent engine er or engineering firm (which may also be the 
Independent Engineer), having, in any case, a nationwide and fa vorable repute for skill and experience in passing 
upon questions relating to the affairs, financial and otherwise , of airport facilities of the size, type and scope of the 
Jetport.  The Airport Consultant shall be selected by the City and, except in the case of the firm serving as Airport 
Consultant at the time of the delivery of the General Certificate, shall be acceptable to the Trustee.  The acceptance of 
the Trustee shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed, or con ditioned; and if the Trustee shall fail to so accept, it 
shall deliver to the City a statement of its reasons for such f ailure.  In rendering any report, certificate or opinion 
required pursuant hereto, the Airport Consultant may rely upon information, certificates, opinions or reports required 
to be provided by others pursuant hereto, and upon other sources which the Airport Consultant considers reliable, and 
other considerations and assumptions as deemed appropriate by t he Airport Consultant.  Subject to Section 1204 of 
the General Certificate, copies of any such report, certificate  or opinion shall be delivered to the Trustee and made 
available by the Trustee to any holder of the Bonds or their du ly authorized representative for inspection.  (Section 
711) 
Operating Budget  
(a) No
t less than thirty (30) days prior to the beginning of each Fiscal Year, the City shall prepare and 
deliver to the Trustee a preliminary Operating Budget, and within a reasonable time of adoption not less than one day {W11490398.1} C-30 
prior to the beginning of each Fiscal Year, shall file with the  Trustee a copy of the Opera ting Budget, duly certified 
by an Authorized Representative of the City, showing on a month ly basis the estimated M&O Expenses, as well as 
the Revenues or other moneys held hereunder estimated to be ava ilable to pay such M&O Expenses (including the 
amount of each item constituting a component thereof) for the ensuing Fiscal Year, together with any other information 
required to be set forth therein by the General Certificate; provided, however, that the Operating Budget for the Fiscal 
Year, or portion thereof, in which the first Series of Bonds is issued, may be adopted by any Authorized Representative 
of the City.  Such Operating Budget may set forth such addition al information as the City may determine.  The City 
shall not incur aggregate M&O Expenses in any Fiscal Year in excess of the amount budgeted in the Operating Budget, 
as amended and supplemented for such Fiscal Year, except in cas e of emergency or as required by law and shall 
promptly file with the Trustee a written report of any such excess expenditure signed by an Authorized Representative 
and as soon as practicable thereafter adopt and file with the Trustee an amendment to the Operating Budget. 
(b) In conjunction with adoption and filing, or any amendment, of the Operating Budget for each Fiscal 
Year commencing after June 30, 2003, the City shall certify the Renewal and Replacement Reserve Fund Requirement 
for the Fiscal Year to which such Budget relates.  In addition,  the City will certify the assumed interest rate on each 
Series of Variable Rate Bonds then Outstanding for which deposi ts will be required to be made pursuant to Section 
505(a)(ii) or 505(a)(iv) of the General Certificate.  If the City shall not certify the Renewal and Replacement Reserve 
Fund Requirement as aforesaid, the requirement for the Fiscal Y ear shall be such Requirement in effect for the 
previous Fiscal Year until the new requirement is certified as aforesaid.  
(c) If for any reason the City s hall not have adopted the Operating Budget as provided in Section 712(a) 
of the General Certificate, the Operating Budget for the then current Fiscal Year shall be deemed to be the Operating 
Budget for the ensuing Fiscal Year until a new Operating Budget is adopted.   
(d) The City may at any time adopt an amended Operating Budget for the then current or ensuing Fiscal 
Year, but no such amended Operating Budget shall supersede any prior Budget until the City shall have filed with the 
Trustee a copy of such amended Operating Budget. 
(e) In addition to the City’s right to amend the Operating Budg et pursuant to Section 712(d) of the 
General Certificate, the City may reallocate amounts budgeted to specific items or months within the Operating Budget 
then in effect at any time by delivery of a Consultant Certific ate of its Authorized Representative provided that no 
such reallocation shall result in an increase in the aggregate M&O Expenses for the Fiscal Year covered by such 
Operating Budget.  (Section 712) 
Accounts and Reports  
(a) The City shall maintain its books and accounts in accordanc e with generally accepted accounting 
principles applicable to airport operators such as the City and in accordance with such other principles of accounting 
as the City deems appropriate.  Said books and accounts shall a t all times be subject to th e inspection of the Trustee 
and the holder or holders of not less than one per cent (1%) in principal amount of Outstanding Bonds of any category 
or their representatives duly authorized in writing. 
(b) The City shall annually, as soon as available and in any event within 270 days after the close of each 
Fiscal Year, file with the Trustee a copy of an annual report f or such year, accompanied by financial statements, 
audited by and containing the report of an Accountant, relating to the operations and properties of the Jetport for such 
Fiscal Year and setting forth in reasonable detail its financial condition as of the end of such year and the income and 
expenses for such year.  Contemporaneously therewith, the City s h a l l  a l s o  p r o v i d e  t h e  T r u s t e e  w i t h  a  s u m m a r y  
prepared by the Accountant of the receipts in and disbursements  from the Funds and Accounts maintained under the 
General Certificate and any Supplemental Certificate during such Fiscal Year and the amounts held therein at the end 
of such Fiscal Year.  Each report of such accountant or firm of accountants shall state that such financial statements 
of the City were prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, or shall state in what respects 
such
 financial statements do not conform with such generally accepted accounting principles.  If in connection with 
such annual audit such Accountant submits any written recommendations as to internal accounting controls or related 
matters, such recommendations shall also be filed with the Trus tee.  Each annual report shall be accompanied by a 
certificate of the accountant or firm of accountants auditing the same to the effect that in the course of and within the 
scope of their examination of such financial statements made in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards {W11490398.1} C-31 
nothing came to their attention that would lead them to believe that a default had occurred under the Resolution or, if 
such is not the case, specifying the nature of the default.  Subject to Section 1204 of the General Certificate, copies of 
any such report or certificate shall be delivered to the Trustee and made available by the Trustee to any holder of the 
Bonds or their duly authorized representative for inspection at such holder's expense.  (Section 713) 
Tax Covenants  
(a) The City shall take, or require to be taken, such action as  may be reasonably within its ability and 
required to assure the continued exclusion from the federal gross income of holders of any Series of Tax Exempt 
Bonds, including, without limitation, the preparation and filin g of any statements required to be filed by the City in 
order to establish and maintain such exclusion.  In addition, the City shall not take, or permit to be taken on its behalf, 
any action which would adversely affect the exclusion from federal gross income of the interest on any Series of Tax 
Exempt Bonds. 
(b) The City shall not permit the investment or application of the proceeds of any Series of Tax Exempt 
Bonds, including any funds considered proceeds within the meaning of section 148 of the Code, to be used to acquire 
any investment property the acquisition of which would cause such Bonds to be “arbitrage bonds” within the meaning 
of said section 148.  (Section 714) 
Obligations Under Qualified Swap; Nonqualified Swap  
(a) The obligation of the City to make Regularly Scheduled Swap  Payments under a Qualified Swap 
with respect to a Series of Bonds may be on a parity with the obligation of the City to make payments with respect to 
such Series of Bonds and other Bonds hereunder, except as other wise provided by a Supplemental Certificate and 
elsewhere in the General Certificate with respect to any Swap Termination Payments.  The City may provide in any 
Supplemental Certificate that Regularly Scheduled Swap Payments  under a Qualified Swap shall be secured by a 
pledge of or lien on the Revenues on a parity with the Bonds of  such Series and all other Bonds, regardless of the 
principal amount, if any, of the Bonds of such Series remaining Outstanding.  The Trustee shall take all action 
consistent with the other provisions of the General Certificate as shall be requested in writing by the Qualified Swap 
Provider necessary to preserve and protect such pledge, lien and assignment and to enforce the obligations of the City 
with respect thereto.  In the event the action requested to be taken pursuant to the preceding sentence shall require the 
Trustee either to exercise the remedies granted in the General Certificate or to institute any action, suit or proceeding 
in its own name, the Qualified Swap Provider shall provide to t he Trustee reasonable security and indemnity against 
the costs, expenses and liabilities to be incurred in connection therewith. 
(b) In the event that a Swap Termination Payment or any other a mounts other than as described in clause 
(a) above are due and payable by the City under a Qualified Swa p, such Swap Termination Payment and any such 
other amounts shall be expressly subordinate to the payment of the Bonds. 
(c) Obligations of the City to make payments, including Swap Te rmination Payments, under a Swap 
other than a Qualified Swap shall be expressly subordinate to the payment of the Bonds.  (Section 716) 
Supplemental Certificates Effective Upon Filing With the Trustee 
For any one or more of the following purposes and at any time or  f r o m  t i m e  t o  t i m e ,  a  S u p p l e m e n t a l  
Certificate may be delivered by the City, which upon the filing  with the Trustee of a copy thereof by an Authorized 
Representative, shall be fully effective in accordance with its terms:   
(a) to close the General Certificate against, or provide limita tions and restrictions in addition to the 
limitations and restrictions contained in the General Certificate on, the authentication and delivery of Bonds; 
(b) to add to the covenants and agreements of the City in the G eneral Certificate other covenants and 
agreements to be observed by the City that are not contrary to or inconsistent with the General Certificate as theretofore 
in effect including any covenants necessary for compliance with the Code, including without limitation section 148(f) 
thereof or regulations promulgated thereunder;  {W11490398.1} C-32 
(c) to add to the limitations and restrictions in the General C ertificate other limitations and restrictions 
to be observed by the City that are not contrary to or inconsistent with the General Certificate as theretofore in effect; 
(d) to surrender any right, power or privilege reserved to or c onferred upon the City by the terms of the 
General Certificate, but only if the surrender of such right, power or privilege is not contrary to or inconsistent with 
the covenants and agreements of the City contained in the General Certificate; 
(e) to authorize Bonds of a Series and, in connection therewith  specify and determine the matters and 
things referred to in Sections 206 and 207 of the General Certificate, and also any other matters and things relative to 
such Bonds that are not contrary to or inconsistent with the Ge neral Certificate as theretofore in effect, or to amend, 
modify or rescind any such authorization, specification or dete rmination at any time prior to the first authentication 
and delivery of such Bonds including, without limiting the gene rality of the foregoing, provisions amending or 
modifying the General Certificate to provide for the issuance of Bonds in book-entry form or in coupon form payable 
to bearer; 
(f) to confirm, as further assurance, any pledge under, and the  subjection to any lien or pledge created 
or to be created by, the General Certificate, of the Revenues or of any other moneys, securities or funds; 
(g) to modify any of the provisions of the General Certificate in any respect whatsoever, provided that 
(i) such modification shall be, and be expressed to be, effecti ve only after all Bonds of a ny Series affected by the 
amendment Outstanding at the date of the adoption of such Suppl emental Certificate shall cease to be Outstanding, 
and (ii) such Supplemental Certificate shall be specifically re ferred to in the text of all Bonds of any Series 
authenticated and delivered after  the date of the adoption of s uch Supplemental Certificate and of Bonds issued in 
exchange therefor or in place thereof;  
(h) to modify the definition of Investment Securities as direct ed by the City, provided that the City shall 
have provided evidence to the Trustee that the details of such modification have been provided in writing to each 
Rating Agency then assigning a rating on Outstanding Bonds and that each such Rating Agency has either (i) 
confirmed in writing that such modification will not adversely affect such ratings or (ii) issued a rating on a Series of 
Bonds to be issued which is not lower than the rating assigned by such Rating Agency to Outstanding Bonds prior to 
such modification, or any other evidence satisfactory to the Trustee that modification will not adversely affect the then 
current ratings, if any, assigned to the Bonds by any Rating Agency; or 
(i) to subject to the lien of the General Certificate additional revenues, security or collateral.  (Section 
801) 
Supplemental Certificates Effective Upon Consent of Trustee  
(a) For any one or more of the following purposes and at any ti me or from time to time, a Supplemental 
Certificate may be adopted, which, upon (i) the filing with the  Trustee of a copy thereof certified by an Authorized 
Representative, and (ii) the filing with the City of an instrum ent in writing made by the Trustee consenting thereto 
shall be fully effective in accordance with its terms:   
(1) to cure any ambiguity, supply any omission, or cure or corr ect any defect or inconsistent 
provision in the General Certificate; or 
(2) to insert such provisions clarifying matters or questions a rising hereunder as are necessary 
or desirable and are not contrary to or inconsistent with the General Certificate as theretofore in effect; or 
(3) to provide for additional duties of the Trustee.   
(b) Any such Supplemental Certificate may also contain one or m ore of the purposes specified in 
Section 801 of the General Certif icate, and in that event, the consent of the Trustee required by Section 802 of the 
General Certificate shall be applicable only to those provisions of such Supplemental Certificate as shall contain one 
or more of the purposes set forth in subsection (a) of Section 802.  (Section 802) {W11490398.1} C-33 
Supplemental Certificates Effective With Consent of Bondholders 
At any time or from time to time, a Supplemental Certificate ma y be adopted subject to consent by holders 
of any Bonds in accordance with a nd subject to the provisions of Article IX, which Supplemental Certificate, upon 
the filing with the Trustee of a copy thereof certified by an Authorized Representative and upon compliance with the 
provisions of Article IX, shall become fully effective in accordance with its terms as provided in said Article.  (Section 
803) 
General Provisions  
(a) The General Certificate shall not be modified or amended in  any respect except as provided in and 
in accordance with and subject to the provisions of Article VIII and Article IX of the General Certificate.  Nothing in 
Article VIII or Article IX contained shall affect or limit the right or obligation of the City to adopt, make, do, execute, 
acknowledge or deliver any resolution, act or other instrument pursuant to the provisions of Section 703 of the General 
Certificate or the right or obligation of the City to execute and deliver to any Trustee any instrument which elsewhere 
in the General Certificate it is provided shall be delivered to said Trustee.   
(b) Any Supplemental Certificate referred to and permitted or a uthorized by Sections 801 and 802 of 
the General Certificate may be adopted by the City without the consent of any of the holders of any Bonds, but shall 
become effective only on the conditions, to the extent and at t he time provided in said Sections, respectively.  The 
copy of every Supplemental Certif icate filed with the Trustee s hall be accompanied by a Bond Counsel’s Opinion 
stating that such Supplemental C ertificate, is authorized or pe rmitted by the General Certificate, and is valid and 
binding upon the City provided that such Bond Counsel’s Opinion may take an exception on account of the laws of 
bankruptcy, reorganization and insolvency and of other laws aff ecting creditors’ rights generally and to the exercise 
of judicial discretion in accordance with general equitable principles.   
(c) The Trustee is authorized to  accept the delivery of a certified copy of any Supplemental Certificate 
referred to and permitted or authorized by Section 801, 802 or 803 of the General Certificate and to make all further 
agreements and stipulations which  may be therein contained, and  the Trustee, in taking such action, shall be fully 
protected in relying on an opinion of counsel (which may be a B ond Counsel’s Opinion) that such Supplemental 
Certificate is authorized or permitted by the provisions of the General Certificate.   
(d) No Supplemental Certificate shall change or modify any of the rights or obligations of any Trustee 
without its written assent thereto.  (Section 804) 
Mailing of Notice of Amendment 
Any provision in this Article for the mailing of a notice or ot her paper to any holder of the Bonds shall be 
fully complied with if it is mailed, by first-class mail, posta g e  p r e p a i d  o n l y  ( i )  t o  e a c h  o w n e r  o f  B o n d s  t h e n  
Outstanding at his address appearing upon the registry books, and (ii) to the Trustee.  (Section 901) 
Powers of Amendment 
(a) Any modification or amendment of the General Certificate or of the rights and obligations of the 
City and of the holders of the Bonds hereunder, in any particul ar, may be made by a Supplemental Certificate, with 
the written consent given as provided in Section 903 of the General Certificate, (i) of the holders of at least two-thirds 
in principal amount of the Bonds Outstanding at the time such c onsent is given and (ii) in case less than all of the 
several Series of Bonds of then Outstanding are affected by the modification or amendment, of the holders of at least 
two-thirds in aggregate principal amount of the Bonds of the several Series so affected and Outstanding at the time 
such consent is given; provided, however, that if such modification or amendment will, by its terms, not take effect so 
long as any Bonds of any specified like Series and maturity rem ain Outstanding, the consent of the holders of such 
Bonds shall not be required and such Bonds shall not be deemed to be Outstanding for the purpose of any calculation 
of Outstanding Bonds under Section 902 of the General Certificate.  No such modification or amendment shall permit 
a change in the terms of redemp tion or maturity of the principa l of any Outstanding Bond or of any installment of 
in
terest thereon or a reduction in the principal amount or the Redemption Price thereof or in the rate of interest thereon {W11490398.1} C-34 
without the consent of the holder of such Bond, or shall reduce the percentages or otherwise affect the classes of Bonds 
the consent of the holders of which is required to effect any such modification or amendment, or shall change or 
modify any of the rights or obligations of any Trustee without its written assent thereto.  For the purposes of Section 
902 of the General Certificate, a Series shall be deemed to be affected by a modification or amendment of the General 
Certificate if the same adversely affects or diminishes the rights of the holders of Bonds of such Series.  The Trustee 
may in its discretion determine whether or not in accordance with the foregoing powers of amendment Bonds of any 
particular Series or maturity would be affected by any modification or amendment of the General Certificate and any 
such determination shall be binding and conclusive on the City and all holders of Bonds.   
(b) For the purposes of Section 902 of the General Certificate, the holders of the Bonds may include the 
initial holders thereof, regardless of whether such Bonds are being held for immediate resale.  (Section 902) 
Credit Provider Authorized to Give Bondholder Consent 
Notwithstanding any provision of the General Certificate to the  contrary, including without limitation the 
provisions of Articles VIII and IX, and subject to the terms of any Supplemental Certificate delivered with respect to 
a Series of Bonds, of the General Certificate, if any Credit Facility is issued with respect to any Series of Bonds, then 
so long as the Credit Provider of such Credit Facility is not in default in its payment obligations thereunder, the Credit 
Provider of such Credit Facility shall at all times be deemed t he sole and exclusive holder of the Bonds Outstanding 
of such Series that are fully insured or otherwise secured purs uant to such Credit Facility for the purposes of all 
approvals, consents, waivers, institution of any action, the ex ercising of any voting rights, and the direction of all 
remedies, including but not limited to approval of or consent t o any amendment or supplement to the General 
Certificate.  (Section 902(c)) 
Consent of Holders of Bonds  
(a) The City may at any time adopt a Supplemental Certificate m aking a modification or amendment 
permitted by the provisions of Section 902 of the General Certificate, to take effect when and as provided in Section 
903 of the General Certificate.  A copy of such Supplemental Certificate (or brief summary thereof or reference thereto 
in form approved by the Trustee), together with a request to ho lders of Bonds for their consent thereto in form 
satisfactory to the Trustee, shall be mailed by the City to hol ders of Bonds and shall be published in the Authorized 
Newspapers at least once a week for two successive weeks (but failure to mail or publish such copy and request shall 
not affect the validity of the Supplemental Certificate when co nsented to as in Section 903 provided).  Such 
Supplemental Certificate shall not be effective unless and until (i) there shall have been filed with the Trustee (a) the 
written consents of holders of the percentages of Outstanding Bonds specified in Section 902 of the General Certificate 
and (b) a Bond Counsel’s Opinion stating that such Supplemental Certificate has been duly and lawfully adopted and 
filed in accordance with the provisions of the General Certificate, is authorized or permitted by the General Certificate 
and is valid and binding upon the City, and (ii) a notice shall  have been published as provided in Section 903 of the 
General Certificate.  The City may fix a record date for purposes of determining holders of Bonds entitled to consent 
to a proposed Supplemental Certificate.   
(b) Any such consent shall be bin ding upon the holder of the Bonds giving such consent and upon any 
subsequent holder of such Bond or any bonds issued in exchange therefor (whether or not such subsequent holder 
thereof has notice thereof).   
(c) At any time after the holders  of the required percentages of Bonds shall have filed their consents to 
the Supplemental Certificate, the Trustee shall make and file w ith the City a written statement that holders of such 
required percentages of Bonds have filed their consents.  Such written statement shall be conclusive evidence that 
such consents have been so filed.  At any time thereafter notice, stating in substance that the Supplemental Certificate 
(which may be referred to as a Supplemental Certificate adopted by the City on a stated date, a copy of which is on 
fil
e with the Trustee) has been consented to by the holders of the required percentages of Bonds and will be effective 
as provided in Section 903 of the General Certificate, shall be  given to the holders of Bonds by the City by mailing 
such notice to such holders and, if at the time any of such Bonds is in coupon form payable to bearer, by publishing 
the same in the Authorized Newspapers at least once not more th an ninety days after holders of the required 
percentages of Bonds shall have filed their consents to the Sup plemental Certificate and the written statement of the 
Trustee provided for above is filed.  The City shall file with the Trustee proof of the giving of such notice.  A record, {W11490398.1} C-35 
consisting of the papers required or permitted by Section 903 to be filed with the Trustee, shall be proof of the matters 
therein stated.  Such Supplemental Certificate making such amendment or modification shall be deemed conclusively 
binding upon the City, the Trustee and the holders of all Bonds  upon the filing with the Trustee of the proof of the 
giving of such last mentioned notice.  (Section 903) 
Modifications by Unanimous Consent 
Notwithstanding anything contained in Article VIII of the General Certificate or in the provisions of Article 
IX of the General Certificate, the terms and provisions of the General Certificate and the rights and obligations of the 
City and of the holders of Bonds may be modified or amended in any respect upon the adopting and filing of a 
Supplemental Certificate and the consent of the holders of all Bonds then Outstanding, such consent to be given as 
provided in Section 903 of the General Certificate except that no notice to the holders of Bonds either by mailing or 
publication shall be required; but no such modification or amendment shall change or modify any of the rights or 
obligations of any Trustee without the filing with the Trustee of the written assent thereto of such Trustee in addition 
to the consent of the holders of Bonds.  (Section 904) 
Events of Default 
The occurrence of any one or more of the following events shall constitute an Event of Default hereunder:   
(a) a default in the due and punctual payment of a Principal In stallment or the Redemption Price of any 
Bonds when and as the same shall become due and payable, whether at maturity or upon earlier redemption, or 
otherwise; or 
(b) a default in the due and punctual payment of any installmen t of interest on any Bonds, when and as 
such interest installment shall become due and payable; or 
(c) default by the City in the performance or observance of any  other of the covenants, agreements or 
conditions on its part or on the part of the City in the General Certificate, in any Supplem ental Certificate or in the 
Bonds contained, and such default shall continue for a period of 90 days after written notice thereof stating that such 
notice is a “Notice of Default” to the City by the Trustee or t o the City and to the Trustee by the holders of not less 
than a majority in principal amount of the Bonds, the 90-day period shall be extended to such longer period of time as 
the Trustee may deem appropriate  in the event of defaults which  by their nature will require such longer period of 
time to cure if the City shall commence such cure within such 9 0-day period and pursue the same diligently to 
completion; or 
(d) if the City (i) admits in writing its inability to pay its debts generally as they become due, (ii) 
commences voluntary proceedings in bankruptcy or seeking a composition of indebtedness, (iii) makes an assignment 
for the benefit of its creditors, (iv) consents to the appointment of a receiver of the whole or any substantial part of the 
Jetport, or (v) consents to the assumption by any court of competent jurisdiction under any law for the relief of debtors 
of custody or control of the City or of the whole or any substantial part of the Jetport. 
Upon the happening and continuance of any Event of Default, the Trustee shall give notice of such occurrence 
to the registered holders of the Bonds.  Upon the happening and continuance of any Event of Default, neither the 
Trustee may nor the holders of the Bonds shall have the right to declare the principal of any Bonds then Outstanding, 
or the interest accrued thereon, to be due and payable prior to its stated maturity.  (Section 1001) 
Application of Revenues and Other Moneys After Default 
(a) The City covenants that if an Event of Default shall happen  and shall not have been remedied, the 
City, upon demand of the Trustee, shall pay over or cause to be  paid over to the Trustee (i) forthwith, any moneys, 
securities and funds then held by the City held on its behalf in any Fund, Account or Subaccount hereunder (excluding 
the Rebate Fund) and (ii) as promptly as practicable after receipt thereof, the Revenues. {W11490398.1} C-36 
(b) During the continuance of an Event of Default, the Trustee shall apply such Revenues and the 
income therefrom as follows and in the following order: 
(1)  to the payment of the reas onable and proper fees, charges and expenses (including reasonable 
attorneys fees) of the Trustee and of any engineer or firm of engineers or accountants or firm of accountants 
selected by the Trustee pursuant to this Article and to the payment of any fees and expenses required to keep 
any Financial Guaranties or Credit Facilities in full force and effect; 
(2)  to the payment of the amounts required for reasonable and necessary M&O Expenses; and 
(3)  to the payment of the interest and principal or Redemption  Price then due on the Bonds as 
follows: 
(i)  unless the principal of all of the Bonds shall be due and payable, 
First: To the payment to the persons entitled thereto of all installments of interest then due in 
the order of the maturity of such installments maturing, and, i f the amount available 
shall not be sufficient to pay in full all installments maturing on the same date, then to 
the payment thereof ratably, acco rding to the amounts due there o n ,  t o  t h e  p e r s o n s  
entitled thereto, without any discrimination or preference; and  
Second: To the payment to the persons entitled thereto of the u npaid principal or Redemption 
Price of any Bonds which shall have become due, whether at matu rity or by call for 
redemption, in the order of their due dates, and, if the amount  available shall not be 
sufficient to pay in full all the Bonds due on any date, then to the payment thereof 
ratably, according to the amounts of principal or Redemption Price due on such date, to 
persons entitled thereto, without any discrimination or preference; or 
(ii)  if the principal of all of the Bonds shall be due and payable, to the payment of the principal and interest 
then due and unpaid upon the Bonds without preference or priori ty of principal over interest or of interest 
over principal, or of any installment of interest over any othe r installment of interest, or of any Bond over 
any other Bond, ratably, according to the amounts due respectively for principal and interest, to the persons 
entitled thereto without any discrimination or preference; and 
(4)  To the payment of reasonable and necessary reserves and working capital therefor, and for the 
reasonable repair and replacement of the Jetport necessary to prevent loss of Revenues or to provide for the 
continued operation of the Jetport, as certified to the Trustee by an independent engineer or firm of engineers 
of recognized standing (who may be an engineer or firm of engineers retained by the City for other purposes) 
selected by the Trustee. 
Any amounts on deposit in the Debt Service Fund and the Debt Service Reserve Fund shall not be applied to 
the payment of the principal amount and interest on Subordinated Bonds. 
 (c) If and when all overdue ins tallments of interest on all Bonds, together with the reasonable and proper 
charges and expenses of the Trustee, and all other sums payable  by the City hereunder, including the principal and 
Redemption Price of and accrued unpaid interest on all Bonds which shall then be payable by declaration or otherwise, 
shall either be paid by or for the account of the City, or provision satisfactory to the Trustee shall be made for such 
payment, and all defaults hereunder or the Bonds shall be made good or secured to the satisfaction of the Trustee or 
provision deemed by the Trustee to be adequate shall be made therefor, the Trustee shall pay over to the City all such 
Revenues then remaining unexpended in the hands of the Trustee (except Revenues deposited or pledged, or required 
by the terms of the General Certificate to be deposited or pled ged, with the Trustee), and thereupon the City and the 
Trustee shall be restored, respectively, to their former position and rights hereunder, and all Revenues shall thereafter 
be applied as provided in Article  V of the General Certificate.   No such payment over to the City by the Trustee or 
resumption of the application of Revenues as provided in Articl e V shall extend to or affect any subsequent default 
hereunder or impair any right consequent thereon.  (Section 1003) {W11490398.1} C-37 
Proceedings Brought by Trustee 
(a) If an Event of Default shall happen and shall not have been  remedied, then and in every such case, 
the Trustee, by its agents and attorneys, if the Trustee shall deem it advisable, may proceed to protect and enforce its 
rights and the rights of the holders of the Bonds hereunder forthwith by a suit or suits in equity or at law, whether for 
the specific performance of any covenant in the General Certificate contained, mandamus, or in aid of the execution 
of any power in the General Certificate granted, or for an accounting against the City as if the City were the trustee of 
an express trust, or in the enforcement of any other legal or e quitable right as the trustee, being advised by counsel, 
shall deem most effectual to enforce any of its rights or to perform any of its duties hereunder. 
(b) All rights of action hereunder may be enforced by the Trust ee without the possession of any of the 
Bonds or the production thereof on the trial or other proceedin gs, and any such suit or proceedings instituted by the 
Trustee shall be brought in its name.  
(c) The holders of a majority in principal amount of the Bonds at the time Outstanding may direct by 
instrument in writing the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the Trustee, 
or exercising any trust or power conferred upon the Trustee, pr ovided that the Trustee shall have the right to decline 
to follow any such direction if the Trustee shall be advised by  counsel that the action or proceeding so directed may 
not lawfully be taken, or if the Trustee in good faith shall de termine that the action or p roceeding so directed would 
involve the Trustee in personal liability or be unjustly prejudicial to the holders of Bonds not parties to such direction.   
(d) Upon commencing a suit in equity or upon other commencement  of judicial proceedings by the 
Trustee to enforce any right hereunder, the Trustee shall be entitled to exercise any and all rights and powers conferred 
in the General Certificate and pr ovided to be exercised by the Trustee upon the occurrence of an Event of Default; 
and, as a matter of right against the City, without notice or demand and without regard to the adequacy of the security 
for the Bonds, the Trustee shall, to the extent permitted by la w, be entitled to the appointment of a receiver of the 
moneys, securities and funds then held by the City in any Fund,  Account or Subaccount hereunder and, subject to 
application of the Revenues, with all such powers as the court or courts making such appointment shall confer; but 
notwithstanding the appointment of any receiver, the Trustee shall be entitled to retain possession and control of and 
to collect and receive income from, any moneys, securities and funds deposited or pledged with it hereunder or agreed 
to provided to be delivered or pledged with it hereunder. 
(e) Regardless of the happening of an Event of Default, the Tru stee shall have the power to, but (unless 
requested in writing by the holders of a majority in principal amount of the  Bonds then Outstanding, and furnished 
with reasonable security and indemnity) shall be under no obligation to, institute and maintain such suits and 
proceedings, including, without limitation, proceedings for declaratory judgment or injunctive or other equitable relief, 
(including without limitation, a writ of mandamus) as it may determine shall be necessary or expedient to prevent any 
impairment of the security hereunder, any impairment of the ability of the City or the Trustee to satisfy any of its 
agreements or obligations hereunder, or the impairment of any p rotection provided by the General Certificate of the 
interests of the holders of Bonds by any acts which may be unla wful or in violation of the General Certificate, and 
such suits and proceedings, including, without limitation, proceedings for declaratory judgment or injunctive or other 
equitable relief, (including without limitation, a writ of mand amus) as the Trustee may determine shall be necessary 
or expedient to preserve or protect its interest and the interests of the holders of any Bonds.  (Section 1004) 
Restrictions on Action by Holders of Bonds 
(a) No holder of any Bond shall have any right to institute any  suit, action or proceeding at law or in 
equity for the enforcement of any provision of the General Cert ificate or the execution of any trust hereunder or for 
any remedy hereunder, unless such holder shall have previously given to the Trustee written notice of the happening 
of an Event of Default, as provided in this Article, and the holders of at least a majority in principal amount of the 
Bonds then Outstanding shall have filed a written request with the Trustee, and shall have offered it reasonable 
opportunity, either to exercise the powers granted in Section 1005 of the General Certificate or to institute such action, 
suit or proceeding in its own name, and unless such holders sha ll have offered to the Trustee adequate security and 
indemnity against the costs, expenses and liabilities to be inc urred therein or thereby, and the Trustee shall have 
refu
sed to comply with such request within a reasonable time; it being understood and intended that no one or more 
holders of Bonds shall have any right in any manner whatever by his or their action to affect, disturb or prejudice the {W11490398.1} C-38 
pledge created by the General Certificate, or to enforce any ri ght hereunder, except in the manner in the General 
Certificate provided, and that all proceedings at law or in equ ity to enforce any provision of the General Certificate 
shall be instituted, had and maintained in the manner provided in the General Certificate and for the equal benefit of 
all holders of the Outstanding Bonds, in accordance with their rights and interests hereunder. 
(b) Nothing in the General Certificate or in the Bonds contained shall affect or impair the obligation of 
the City, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay at the re spective dates of maturity and places therein expressed 
the principal of and interest on the Bonds to the respective holders thereof, or affect or impair the right of action, 
which is also absolute and unconditional, of any holder to enforce such payment of his Bond.  (Section 1005) 
Responsibilities of Trustee 
The recitals of fact in the General Certificate and in the Bond s contained shall be taken as the statements of 
the City and no Trustee assumes any responsibility for the corr ectness of the same.  No Trustee makes any 
representations as to the validity or sufficiency of the Genera l Certificate or of any Bonds issued thereunder or in 
respect of the security afforded by the General Certificate, and no Trustee shall incur any liability in respect thereof.  
The Trustee shall, however, be responsible for its representation contained in its certificate on the Bonds.  No Trustee 
shall be under any responsibility or duty with respect to the i ssuance of the Bonds for value or the application of the 
proceeds thereof or the application of any moneys paid to the C ity or for any losses incurred upon the sale or 
redemption of any securities purchased for or held in any Fund Account or Subaccount hereunder.  No Trustee shall 
be under any responsibility or duty with respect to the application of any moneys paid to any other Trustee.  No Trustee 
shall be liable in connection with the performance of its duties hereunder except for its own willful misconduct or 
negligence.  The Trustee, prior to the occurrence of an Event of Default and after the curing of all Events of Default 
which may have occurred, undertakes to perform such duties and only such duties as are specifically set forth in the 
General Certificate and no implied covenants or obligations shall be imposed upon the Trustee.  No provision of the 
General Certificate shall require any Trustee to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any financial liability 
in the performance of any of its duties, or in the exercise of any of its rights or powers, if it shall have reasonable 
grounds for believing that repayment of such funds or adequate indemnity against such risk or liability is not 
reasonably assured to it.  No Trustee shall be under any responsibility or duty with respect to any certificate, report or 
opinion delivered to it hereunder except to examine it to determine that it conforms to the provisions of the General 
Certificate.  The Trustee may perform any of its duties hereund er either directly or through agents or attorneys and 
shall not be responsible for any misconduct or negligence on th e part of any agent or attorney appointed with 
reasonable care by it hereunder.  The Trustee shall not be requ ired to take notice, and shall not be deemed to have 
notice, of any default or Event of Default hereunder, except Events of Defaults described in paragraphs (a) and (b) of 
Section 1001 of the General Cer tificate, unless the Trustee sha ll be notified specifically of the default or Event of 
Default in a written instrument or document delivered to it by the company or by the holders of at least 10 percent of 
the aggregate principal amount of the bonds then outstanding; s uch notice and all other notices and instruments 
required by this Indenture to be delivered to the Trustee must, in order to be effective, be delivered to the designated 
Office of the Trustee.  In the a bsence of delivery of a notice satisfying those requirements, the Trustee may assume 
conclusively that there is no default or Event of Default except as noted above.  (Section 1103) 
Resignation of Trustee 
The Trustee may at any time resign and be discharged of the dut ies and obligations created by the General 
Certificate by giving not less than sixty (60) days’ written no tice to the City and publishing notice thereof, at the 
Trustee’s expense, specifying the date when such resignation shall take effect, once in each week for two successive 
calendar weeks in an Authorized N ewspaper, and such resignation  shall take effect upon the day specified in such 
notice unless previously a successor shall have been appointed by the City or the holders of any Bonds as provided in 
Section 1109 of the General Certificate, in which event such resignat ion 
 shall take effect immediately on the 
appointment of such successor.  (Section 1107) 
Removal of Trustee 
The Trustee may be removed at any time by an instrument or conc urrent instruments in writing, filed with 
the Trustee, and signed by the holders of a majority in princip al amount of the Bonds then Outstanding or their 
attorneys-in-fact duly authorized, excluding any Bonds held by or for the account of the City.  The Trustee may be {W11490398.1} C-39 
removed at any time for any breach of trust or for acting or proceeding in violation of, or for failing to act or proceed 
in accordance with, any provision of the General Certificate with respect to the duties and obligations of the Trustee, 
by any court of competent jurisdiction upon the application of the City or the holders of not less than 25% in aggregate 
principal amount of Bonds Outstanding, excluding any Bonds held by or for the account of the City.  Notwithstanding 
the foregoing provisions, the City may remove the Trustee, except during the existence of an Event of Default, upon 
120 days written notice to the Trustee by filing with the Trustee an instrument signed by an Authorized Representative 
of the City.  (Section 1108) 
Appointment of Successor Trustee  
(a) In case at any time the Trustee shall resign or shall be re moved or shall become incapable of acting, 
or shall be adjudged a bankrupt or insolvent, or if a receiver, liquidator or conservator of the Trustee, or its property, 
shall be appointed, or if any public officer shall take charge or control of the Trustee, or of its property or affairs, a 
successor may be appointed by the holder of a majority in principal amount of the Bonds then Outstanding, excluding 
any Bonds held by or for the account of the City, by an instrum ent or concurrent instruments in writing signed and 
acknowledged by such holders of any Bonds or by their attorneys -in-fact duly authorized and delivered to such 
successor trustee, notification thereof being given to the City and the predecessor Trustee; but (unless a successor 
trustee shall have been appointed by the holders of the Bonds a s aforesaid) the City by a duly executed written 
instrument signed by an Authorized Representative shall forthwi th appoint a Trustee to  fill such vacancy until a 
successor Trustee shall be appointed by the holders of the Bonds as authorized in Section 1109 of the General 
Certificate.  The City shall publish notice of any such appointment made by it once in each week for two consecutive 
calendar weeks, in an Authorized Newspaper, the first publication to be made within 20 days after such appointment.  
Any successor Trustee appointed by the City shall, immediately and without further act, be superseded by a Trustee 
appointed by the holders of the Bonds as authorized in Section 1109 of the General Certificate. 
(b) If in a proper case no appoint ment of a successor trustee s hall be made pursuant to the foregoing 
provisions of Section 1109 of the General Certificate within 45 days after the Trustee shall have given to the City 
written notice as provided in Section 1107 of the General Certi ficate or after a vacancy in the officer of the Trustee 
shall have occurred by reason of its inability to act, the Trustee or the holder of any Bond may apply to any court of 
competent jurisdiction to appoi nt a successor trustee.  Said co urt may thereupon, after suc h notice, if any, as such 
court may deem proper and prescribe, appoint a successor trustee. 
(c) Any Trustee appointed under the provisions of Section 1109 of the General Certificate in succession 
to the Trustee shall be a bank or trust company organized under the laws of any state or a national banking association, 
and having a capital and surplus aggregating at least $100,000,000, if there be such a bank or trust company or national 
banking association willing and able to accept the office on reasonable and customary terms and authorized by law to 
perform all the duties imposed upon it by the General Certificate.  (Section 1109) 
Defeasance 
(a) If the City shall pay or cause to be paid to the holders of  all Bonds then Outstanding, the Principal 
Installments and interest and Redemption Price, if any, to become due thereon, at the times and in the manner stipulated 
therein and in the General Certificate, then, at the option of the City, expressed in an instrument in writing signed by 
an Authorized Representative and delivered to the Trustee, the covenants, agreements and other obligations of the 
City to the holders of such Bonds shall be discharged and satisfied.  In such event, the Trustee shall, upon the request 
of the City, execute and deliver to the City all such instruments as may be desirable to evidence such discharge and 
satisfaction
 and the Trustee shall pay over or deliver to the City all moneys, securities and funds held by them pursuant 
hereto which are not required for the payment or redemption of Bonds not theretofore surrendered for such payment 
or redemption. 
(b)  Bonds for the payment or redemption of which moneys shall have been set aside and shall be held 
in trust by the Trustee (through deposit by the City of funds for such payment or redemption or otherwise) at the 
maturity or redemption date thereof shall be deemed to have bee n paid within the meaning and with the effect 
expressed in paragraph (a) of Section 1201 of the General Certi ficate.  Subject to the provisions of subsection (c) of 
Section 1201 of the General Certificate, any Outstanding Bonds shall prior to the maturity or redemption date thereof 
be deemed to have been paid within the meaning and with the effect expressed in subsection (a) of Section 1201 of {W11490398.1} C-40 
the General Certificate if (i) in case any of said Bonds are to be redeemed on any date prior to their maturity, the City 
shall have given to the Trustee irrevocable instructions accept ed in writing by the Trustee to publish as provided in 
Article VI notice of redemption of such Bonds (other than the Bonds which have been purchased by the Trustee at the 
direction of the City provided prior to the publication of such notice of redemption) on said date, (ii) there shall have 
been deposited with the Trustee either moneys in an amount which shall be sufficient, or Defeasance Obligations the 
principal installments of and/or the interest on which when due , without reinvestment, will provide moneys which, 
together with the moneys, if any, deposited with the Trustee at the same time, shall be sufficient, to pay when due the 
Principal Installments or Redemp tion Price, if applicable, and interest due and to become due on said Bonds on or 
prior to the redemption date or maturity date thereof, as the case may be, and (iii) in the event said Bonds are not to 
be redeemed within the next succeeding 60 days, the City shall have given the Trustee in form satisfactory to it 
irrevocable instructions to publish, as soon as practicable, at  least twice, at an interval of not less than seven days 
between publications, in the Authorized Newspapers a notice to the holders of such Bonds that the deposit required 
by (i) above has been m ade with the Trustee and that said Bonds are deemed to have been paid in accordance with 
Section 1201 of the General Certificate and stating such maturi ty or redemption date upon which moneys are to be 
available for the payment of the Principal Installments or Redemption Price, if applicable, on said Bonds (other than 
Bonds which have been purchased by the Trustee at the direction of the City a prior to the publication of the notice of 
redemption referred to in clause (i) of the General Certificate ); provided, however, that in connection with the 
provision for payment of any Bonds which are then in non-certif icated form, the requirements of clause (iii) above 
shall be deemed satisfied upon mailing of the notice required b y said clause (iii) by registered mail to the securities 
depository which is the registered owner, or whose nominee is the registered owner, of such Bonds.  The Trustee shall, 
as and to the extent necessary, apply moneys held by it pursuan t to Section 1201 of the General Certificate to the 
retirement of said Bonds in amounts equal to the unsatisfied ba lances of any Sinking Fund Installments with respect 
to such Bonds, all in the manner provided in the General Certificate.  
The Trustee shall, if so directed by the City (x) prior to the maturity date of Bonds deemed to have been paid 
in accordance with Section 1201 of the General Certificate which are not to be redeemed prior to their maturity date 
or (y) prior to the publication of the notice of redemption referred to in clause (i) above with respect to any Bonds 
deemed to have been paid in accordance with Section 1201 of the General Certificate which are to be redeemed on 
any date prior to their maturity, apply moneys deposited with the Trustee in respect of such Bonds and redeem or sell 
Defeasance Obligations so deposited with the Trustee and apply the proceeds thereof to the purchase of such Bonds 
and the Trustee shall immediately thereafter cancel all such Bonds so purchased; provided, however, that the Trustee 
shall receive a Consultant Certificate showing that the moneys and Defeasance Obligations remaining on deposit with 
the Trustee after the purchase and cancellation of such Bonds s hall be sufficient to pay when due the Principal 
Installment or Redemption Price, if applicable, and interest du e or to become due on all Bonds, in respect of which 
such moneys and Defeasance Obligations are being held by the Trustee on or prior to the redemption date or maturity 
date thereof, as the case may be and a Bond Counsel’s Opinion t o the effect that such redemption or sale of such 
Defeasance Obligations will not adversely affect the exclusion of the interest on such Bonds from gross income of the 
holders thereof for federal income tax purposes and that such r edemption or sale otherwise complies with the 
provisions of the General Certificate.  The directions given by  the City to the Trustee referred to in the preceding 
sentence shall also specify the portion, if any, of such Bonds so purchased and canceled to be applied against the 
obligation of the Trustee to pay Bonds deemed paid in accordance with Section 1201 of the General Certificate upon 
their maturity date or dates and the portion, if any, of such Bonds so purchased and canceled to be applied against the 
obligation of the Trustee to redeem Bonds deemed paid in accordance with Section 1201 of the General Certificate on 
any date or dates prior to their maturity.  In the event that o n any date as a result of any purchases and cancellations 
of
 Bonds as provided in Section 1201 of the General Certificate  the total amount of moneys and Defeasance 
Obligations remaining on deposit with the Trustee under Section  1201 of the General Certificate is in excess of the 
total amount which would have been required to be deposited with the Trustee on such date in respect of the remaining 
Bonds in order to satisfy clause (ii) of this subsection (b) of Section 1201 of the General Certificate, the Trustee shall, 
if requested by the City, pay the amount of such excess to the City free and clear of any lien or pledge securing said 
Bonds or otherwise existing hereunder.  Except as otherwise pro vided in this subsection (b) of Section 1201 of the 
General Certificate and subsection (c) of Section 1201 of the General Certificate, neither Defeasance Obligations nor 
moneys deposited with the Trustee pursuant to Section 1201 of t he General Certificate nor principal or interest 
payments on any such Defeasance Obligations shall be withdrawn or used for any purpose other than, and shall be 
held in trust for, the payment of the principal or Redemption Price, if applicable, and interest on said Bonds; provided 
that any cash received from such p rincipal or interest payments  on such Defeasance Obligations deposited with the 
Trustee (A) to the extent such cash will not be required at any time for such purpose, shall be paid over to the City as {W11490398.1} C-41 
received by the Trustee, free and clear of any trust, lien or pledge securing said Bonds or otherwise existing hereunder, 
and (B) to the extent such cash will be required for such purpo se at a later date, shall, to the extent practicable, be 
reinvested at the written direction of an Authorized Representative of the City in Defeasance Obligations maturing at 
times and in amounts sufficient to pay when due the principal o r Redemption Price, if applicable, and interest to 
become due on said Bonds on or prior to such redemption date or maturity date thereof, as the case may be, and interest 
earned from such reinvestment shall be paid over to the City, as received by the Trustee, free and clear of any lien or 
pledge securing said Bonds or otherwise existing hereunder. 
(c) For purposes of determining whether Variable Rate Bonds shall be deemed to have been paid prior 
to the maturity or redemption date thereof, as the case may be,  by the deposit of moneys, or Defeasance Obligations 
and moneys, if any, in accordance with the second sentence of s ubsection (b) of Section 1201 of the General 
Certificate, the interest to come due on such Variable Rate Bonds on or prior to the maturity date or redemption date 
thereof, as the case may be, shall be calculated at the maximum rate permitted by the terms thereof; provided, however, 
that if on any date, as a result of such Variable Rate Bonds having borne interest at less than such maximum rate for 
any period, the total amount of moneys and Investment Securitie s on deposit with the Trustee for the payment of 
interest on such Variable Rate Bonds is in excess of the total amount which would have been required to be deposited 
with the Trustee on such date in respect of such Variable Rate Bonds in order to satisfy the second sentence of 
subsection (b) of Section 1201 of the General Certificate, the Trustee shall, if requested, by the City, pay the amount 
of such excess to the City free and clear of any lien or pledge securing the Bonds or otherwise existing hereunder. 
(d) Option Bonds shall be deemed to have been paid in accordance with the second sentence of 
subsection (b) of Section 1201 of the General Certificate only if, in addition to satisfying the requirements of clauses 
(i) and (iii) of such sentence, there shall have been deposited  with the Trustee moneys in an amount which shall be 
sufficient to pay when due the maximum amount of principal of a nd premium, if any, and interest on such Option 
Bonds which could become payable to the holders of such Option Bonds upon the exercise of any options provided 
to the holders of such Option Bonds; provided, however, that if, at the time a deposit is made with the Trustee pursuant 
to subsection (b) of Section1201 of the General Certificate, th e options originally exercisable by the holder of an 
Option Bond are no longer exercisable, such Option Bond shall not be considered an Option Bond for purposes of this 
subsection (d).  If any portion of the moneys deposited with th e Trustee for the payment of the principal of and 
premium, if any, and interest on Option Bonds is not required for such purpose the Trustee shall, if requested by the 
City, pay the amount of such excess to the City free and clear of any trust, lien or pledge securing said Option Bonds 
or otherwise existing hereunder.   
(e) Anything in the General Cer tificate to the contrary notwithstanding, any moneys held by a Trustee 
in trust for the payment and discharge of any of the Bonds which remain unclaimed for two years after the date when 
such Bonds have become due and payable, either at their stated maturity dates or by call for earlier redemption, if such 
moneys were held by the Trustee at such date, or for two years after the date of deposit of such moneys if deposited 
with the Trustee after the said date when such Bonds become due and payable, shall, at the written request of the City, 
be repaid by the Trustee to the City, as its absolute property and free from trust, and the Trustee shall thereupon be 
released and discharged with respect thereto and the holders of any Bonds shall look only to the City for the payment 
of such Bonds; provided, however, that before being required to make any such payment to the City, the Trustee may, 
at the expense of the City, cause to be published at least twic e, at an interval of not less than seven days between 
publications, in the Authorized Newspaper, a notice that said moneys remain unclaimed and that, after a date named 
in said notice, which date shall be not less than thirty (30) d ays after the date of the first publication of such notice, 
the balance of such moneys then unclaimed will be returned to t he City.  In the absence of any such written request, 
the Trustee shall from time to time deliver such unclaimed fund s to or as directed by pertinent escheat authority, as 
identified by the Trustee in its sole discretion, pursuant to and in accordance with applicable unclaimed property laws, 
rules or regulations.  Any such delivery shall be in accordance with the customary practices and procedures of the 
Trustee and the escheat authority.  All moneys held by the Trustee and subject to Section 1201 of the General 
Certificate shall be held uninvested and without liability or i nterest 
 thereon.  Before m aking any payment under 
Section 1201 of the General Cer tificate, the Trustee shall be e ntitled to receive at the City's expense an opinion of 
counsel to the effect that said payment is permitted under applicable law.  (Section 1201) 
  {W11490398.1} C-42 
Preservation and Inspection of Documents 
All documents received by any Trustee under the provisions of the General Certificate shall be retained in its 
possession and shall be subject at all reasonable times to the inspection of the City, any other Trustee, and any holder 
of any Bonds, and any person th at the Trustee can reasonably de termine is a beneficial owner of any Bonds held by 
or on behalf of a securities depository, and their agents and t heir representatives, any of whom may make copies 
thereof.  Upon the receipt of a written request by any such beneficial owner or any holder of any Bonds, or their agents 
or their representatives, the Trustee shall provide copies of any reports or certificates delivered to the Trustee pursuant 
to any provision of the General Certificate.  At the direction of the City, the Trustee shall require the party requesting 
such reports or certificates to pay or reimburse the Trustee for the direct costs of reproducing and mailing such reports 
or certificates.  (Section 1204) 
No Recourse on the Bonds 
No recourse shall be had for the payment of the principal of or interest on the Bonds or for any claim based 
thereon or on the General Certificate against any elected official, other officer, employee or agent of the City or any 
person executing the Bonds.  (Section 1206)  {W11490398.1} C-43 
  
SUMMARY OF SIXTH SUPPLEMENTAL CERTIFICATE 
The following is a brief summary of certain provisions of the Sixth Supplemental Certificate including certain 
terms used in the Sixth Supplemental Certificate and used but n ot elsewhere defined in the Official Statement.  This 
summary does not purport to be co mplete and reference is made t o the Sixth Supplemental Certificate for full and 
complete statements of its terms and provisions.  
Definitions 
(a) Capitalized terms used in the Sixth Supplemental Certificat e and not otherwise defined shall have 
the respective meanings accorded such terms in the General Certificate. 
(b) The following terms shall have the following meanings unles s the context otherwise requires: 
 “Annual Installment Date” shall mean a date selected by the City within 60 days after each Bond Year 
which date is not a Rebate Installment Date. 
“Annual Installment Date” shall mean a date selected by the City within 60 days after each Bond Year 
which date is not a Rebate Installment Date. 
“Average Annual Debt Service” shall mean the average annual Debt Service for the Series 2019 Bonds, 
determined on and as of the issue date thereof. 
“Bond Payment Date” shall mean each date on which interest or a Principal Installment or both shall be due 
and payable on any Series 2019 Bond according to its terms. 
“Bond Year” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 201 hereof. 
“Certificates” shall mean, collectively, the General Certificate and this Sixth Supplemental Certificate. 
“Defeasance Obligations” shall have the meaning given such term in the General Certificate, but shall not 
include the obligations described in clause (h) of the definition of Investment Securities therein. 
“holders” shall mean the holders or registered owners of the Series 2019 Bonds. 
“Maximum Annual Debt Service” shall mean the maximum Debt Service for the Series 2019 Bonds in any 
year in which such Series 2019 Bonds will be outstanding, determined on and as of the issue date thereof. 
“Nonpurpose Payments” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Regulations. 
“Office of the Trustee” means the designated corporate trust agency office of the Trustee, initially, BNY 
Mellon Corporate Trust, AIM: 154-1270, 500 Ross Street, 12th Floor, Pittsburgh, PA  15262, or at such other 
address as Trustee shall designate from time to time. 
 “Rebate Installment Date” shall mean the dates selected by the City pursuant to the Regulations for the 
computation of rebate as provided in Section 301(b) hereof, the first of which shall be no later than five years after 
the date of issue of the Series 2019 Bonds.  Each subsequent Rebate Installment Date shall be no more than five 
years following the next preceding Rebate Installment Date.  Rebate Installment Date shall also include the date on 
which final payment of the Series 2019 Bonds is made. 
“Rebate Payment Date” shall mean, with respect to any Rebate Installment Date, 60 days after the Rebate 
Installment Date. {W11490398.1} C-44 
“Record Date” shall mean the fifteenth day of the month immediately preceding any month in which there 
occurs a Bond Payment Date. 
“Refunded 2010 Bonds” shall mean the $67,650,000 of principal outstanding of the City’s General Airport 
Revenue Bonds, Series 2010 to be refunded with the Series 2019 Bonds.  
“Regulations” shall mean the Treasury Regulations promulgated pursuant to section 141, section 148 and 
section 150 of the Code, as applicable to the Series 2019 Bonds. 
 “Series 2019 Bonds” shall mean the $____________,000 City of Portland, Maine General Airport 
Refunding Revenue Bonds, Series 2019 (Non-AMT) (Green Bonds) authorized by the Bond Authorizations and 
issued pursuant to Section 201(a) of this Sixth Supplemental Certificate. 
“Series 2019 Debt Service Reserve Fund Requirement” shall mean an amount equal to the final Debt Service 
payment on the Series 2019 Bonds, calculated net of the release of the amount deposited in the Series 2019 Account 
of the Debt Service Reserve Fund upon the final maturity of the  Series 2019 Bonds, which amount is less than the 
lesser of (a) 10% of the stated principal amount of the Series 2019 Bonds, (b) the Maximum Annual Debt Service on 
the Series 2019 Bonds, or (c) 125% of the Average Annual Debt Service on the Series 2019 Bonds. 
“Sixth Supplemental Certificate” shall mean this Sixth Supplemental Certificate delivered with respect to 
the Series 2019 Bonds. 
“Third Supplemental Certificate” shall mean the Third Supplemental Certificate dated April 28, 2010 and 
delivered by the City with respect to the Series 2010 Bonds. 
“Trustee” shall mean The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. 
Principal Amounts, Designations and Series.   
Pursuant to the provisions of the General Certificate, a Series of Bonds entitled to the benefit, protection and 
security of such provisions is hereby authorized in the aggrega te principal amount of $____________,000.  Such 
Bonds shall be designated as and shall be distinguished from the Bonds of all other Series by the title “General Airport 
Refunding Revenue Bonds, Series 2019 (Non-AMT) (Green Bonds)”. 
Form, Denominations, Numbers and Letters. 
The Series 2019 Bonds shall be issued in the form of fully regi stered bonds in the minimum denomination 
of $5,000 and in integral multiples thereof.  Unless the City s hall otherwise direct, each Series 2019 Bond shall be 
lettered “R-” followed by the number of such Series 2019 Bond.  The Series 2019 Bonds shall be numbered 
consecutively from one upward.   
Dating of Series 2019 Bonds.   
The Series 2019 Bonds shall be dated December __, 2019.  Each S eries 2019 Bond shall bear interest from 
the date of authentication thereof, unless (i) the date of authentication is an interest payment date, in which case such 
Series 2019 Bond shall bear interest from such interest payment date; (ii) such Series 2019 Bond is authenticated as 
of a date on or after December __, 2019 and on or prior to the Record Date next preceding January 1, 2020, in which 
event the bond shall bear interest from its date of delivery; (iii) such Series 2019 Bond is authenticated after a Record 
Date and before the next succeeding interest payment date, in w hich event the Bond shall bear interest from such 
interest payment date; or (iv) the payment of interest on the Series 2019 Bonds shall be in default, in which case each 
Series 2019 Bond shall bear interest from the last date to which interest thereon has been paid in full.   
Place of Payment and Paying Agent.   
The Principal and Redemption Price of the Series 2019 Bonds sha ll be payable at the Office of the Trustee.  
Interest on the Series 2019 Bonds will be payable by the Trustee to the registered owner hereof by check, wire or draft 
delivered to such registered owner at the address as the same a ppears on the Record Date on the books of the City {W11490398.1} C-45 
kept at the Office of the Trustee.  Upon the written request of any registered holder of at least $1,000,000 in principal 
amount of Series 2019 Bonds, the Trustee shall make payments of  interest on or principal of the Series 2019 Bonds 
to such holder by wire transfer to the account of such holder as set forth on the registration books of the City maintained 
at the Office of the Trustee at the close of business on the Re cord Date prior to the payment date, or to any other 
account of which such holder shall give written notice to the Trustee not less than five Business Days prior to the date 
set for payment.  Such check or wire shall identify each paymen t of interest on or principal of an individual Series 
2019 Bond separately by reference to the CUSIP number for such Series 2019 Bond.  These provisions shall be subject 
to the “book entry” provisions set forth below. 
Limitation on Exchange and Transfer of Bonds.   
The City shall not be obligated to make any transfer or exchange of any Series 2019 Bond during the fifteen-
day period preceding an interest or principal payment date. 
Establishment of Accounts and Subaccounts. 
Pursuant to Section 502 of the General Certificate, the Sixth Supplemental Certificate establishes within the 
Funds and Accounts established under the General Certificate, the following subaccounts: 
In the Project Fund: 
Series 2019 Account 
 
In the Debt Service Fund: 
Series 2019 Subaccount of the Principal Account 
Series 2019 Subaccount of the Interest Account 
Series 2019 Subaccount of the Redemption Account 
 
In the Debt Service Reserve Fund: 
Series 2019 Account 
Rebate Fund. 
For the purpose of compliance with section 148(f) of the Code, a Series 2019 Subaccount is established in 
the Rebate Fund which shall be used solely for purposes of maki ng the payments described below until the 
requirements of section 148(f) of the Code and the Regulations applicable thereto shall have been satisfied.  The City 
agrees that the requirements described below are subject to, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, section 148(f) 
of the Code and the Regulations applicable thereto, including without limitation the provisions of section 
148(f)(4)(C)(viii) if an election has been made thereunder. 
Calculations of Rebate Deposits and Payments.   
Promptly upon the close of each Bond Year and also upon the retirement of the Series 2019 Bonds, or at any 
other Rebate Installment Date selected by the City, the Trustee shall provide the City with a statement of earnings on 
all Funds, Accounts or Subaccounts with respect to the Series 2 019 Bonds held in trust pursuant to the General 
Certificate which are subject to the rebate requirements during any period not covered by a prior statement delivered 
pursuant to the Sixth Supplemental Certificate.  The statement shall include the purchase and sale prices of each 
investment (including any commission paid thereon which shall be separately stated if such information is available), 
the dates of each investment transaction, information as to whether such transactions were made at a discount or 
premium, and such other information known to the Trustee as the City shall reasonably require. 
At least 15 days prior to each Rebate Payment Date, and additio nally at least 15 days after each Annual 
Installment Date, the City shall, in accordance with the Regulations, determine the amount, if any, to be deposited into 
the Rebate Fund pursuant to the G eneral Certificate based upon Nonpurpose Payments a nd Nonpurpose Receipts 
allocable to the Series 2019 Bonds.  Such amount shall consist of: (1) the difference between the future values, as of 
the next succeeding Rebate Installment Date, or Annual Installment Date as determined by the City, of all Nonpurpose 
Payments (including, as authorized by the Regulations, any rebate previously paid) and Nonpurpose Receipts (whether 
held under the General Certificate or otherwise), reduced by (2) any amounts already on deposit in the applicable 
Subaccount of the Rebate Fund.  For purposes of calculating the  foregoing future values, the yield on each Series of {W11490398.1} C-46 
the 2010 Bonds, determined in accordance with the Regulations, shall be used.  Except as may otherwise be provided 
by law, the computation of the amounts to be deposited into such Subaccounts of the Rebate Fund need not take into 
account any earnings on any “tax exempt bond” under section 150 (a)(6) of the Code and section 1.150-1 of the 
Regulations and which is not a specified private activity bond as defined in section 57(a)(5)(C) of the Code or any 
earnings as to which exceptions are provided under section 148(f)(4)(A), (B) or (C) of the Code or section 1.148-7 of 
the Regulations.  The City shall also determine the amount of any applicable “yield restriction payments”, as provided 
under section 1.148-5(c) of the Regulations. 
The City shall deposit from the Revenue Fund, pursuant to the G eneral Certificate, to the applicable 
Subaccount of the Rebate Fund the amounts determined as provided above.  If, according to the calculations made as 
provided above, together with calculations made in prior years pursuant to such subsection, the amount on deposit in 
the Rebate Fund exceeds the amount required to be on deposit therein as of the Annual Installment Date, the City shall 
transfer such excess to the Revenue Fund. 
Payment of Rebate.   
No later than each Rebate Payment Date, the City shall pay to the United States from amounts on deposit in 
the applicable Subaccount of the R ebate Fund any “yield reducti on payments” as aforesaid and/or a rebate amount 
that is at least 90% of the amount required to be paid pursuant  to the provisions of section 148(f) of the Code as 
calculated by or on behalf of the City, taking into account any credit permitted by the Regulations.  On a date selected 
by the City no later than 60 days after the date on which the Series 2019 Bonds has been paid in full, the City shall 
pay to the United States from amounts on deposit in the applicable Subaccount of the Rebate Fund any “yield reduction 
payments” as aforesaid and/or a rebate equal to 100% of the entire amount then payable pursuant to section 148(f) of 
the Code as calculated by or on behalf of the City, including actual or imputed earnings as provided by the Regulations.  
Any amounts in such Subaccount in excess of amounts due shall be deposited in the Revenue Fund.  
Records.   
The City shall keep such records as will enable it to fulfill its responsibilities under and Section 148(f) of the 
Code.  For purposes of the rebate computation, the Trustee shal l make available to the City during normal business 
hours all information in the control of the Trustee that is necessary to such computations. 
Rebate Provisions to Survive Defeasance of the General Certificate.   
The Rebate provisions described above, as amended from time to time, shall survive the defeasance of the 
General Certificate and of the Series 2019 Bonds.  Only upon (A) the retirement of the Series 2019 Bonds or provision 
for the same pursuant to the General Certificate, and (B) the p ayment of all amounts due under section 148 of the 
Code with respect to the Series 2019 Bonds shall any amounts remaining in the applicable Subaccount of the Rebate 
Fund be paid to the Revenue Fund. 
Application of Proceeds of Series 2019 Bonds.   
Pursuant to the General Certificate and the Sixth Supplemental Certificate, proceeds of sale of the Series 
2019 Bonds, net of Underwriters’ discount, shall be deposited and applied as follows: 
(a) $____________ (plus other available funds) to fund the Series 2010 Subaccount of the Redemption 
Account of the Debt Service Fund to redeem the City's General Airport Revenue Bonds, Series 2010. 
(b) $____________ to fund the Series 2019 Account of the Debt Servi ce Reserve Fund in an amount 
equal to the Series 2019 Debt Service Reserve Fund Requirement; 
(c) $____________ to fund the Series 2019 Subaccount of the Project Fund held by the City, to be used 
to pay costs of issuance for the Series 2019 Bonds. 
The City may fund the Series Accounts of the Debt Service Reserve Fund through the deposit of a Financial 
Guaranty in lieu of cash deposits. 
Upon the occurrence and continuance of an Event of Default where the occurrence and continuance of an 
event which with notice or lapse of time or both would constitu te an Event of Default, amounts on deposit in the {W11490398.1} C-47 
Project Fund shall not be disbursed but shall instead be applied to the payment of debt service or redemption price of 
the Series 2019 Bonds. 
Book-Entry Form.   
In accordance with Section 303 of the General Certificate, the City determined that the Series 2019 Bonds 
shall be issued exclusively in “book-entry” form.  The initial owner of the Series 2019 Bonds shall be Cede & Co. 
(“Cede”), on behalf of The Depository Trust Company (“DTC”), wh ich shall hold one or more immobilized 
certificates representing each maturity of each Series of the Series 2019 Bonds.  With respect to the Series 2019 Bonds 
so registered in the name of Cede, the City and the Trustee sha ll have no obligation or responsibility to any DTC 
participant, indirect participant or beneficial owner of the Se ries 2019 Bonds.  Without limiting the immediately 
preceding sentence, the City and the Trustee shall have no responsibility or obligation with respect to (i) the accuracy 
of the records of DTC, Cede or any DTC participant or indirect participant with respect to any beneficial ownership 
interest in the Series 2019 Bonds, (ii) the delivery to any DTC  participant, indirect particip ant, beneficial owner or 
any other person, other than DTC, of any notice with respect to  the Series 2019 Bonds, including any notice of 
redemption, or (iii) the payment to any DTC participant, beneficial owner or any other person other than DTC, of any 
amount with respect to the principal or redemption price of or interest on the Series 2019 Bonds.  The City and the 
Trustee may treat as, and deem DTC to be, the absolute owner of the Series 2019 Bonds for the purposes of (i) payment 
of the principal and redemption price of, as applicable, and in terest on the Series 2019 Bonds, (ii) giving notices of 
redemption and other matters with respect to such Series 2019 B onds and (iii) registering transfers with respect to 
such Series 2019 Bonds, and for all other purposes whatsoever.  The Trustee shall pay all principal or redemption 
price of, as applicable, and interest on the Series 2019 Bonds only to or upon the order of DTC, and all such payments 
shall be valid and effective to fully satisfy and discharge the  City’s obligations with respect to such principal or 
redemption price and interest to the extent of the sum or sums so paid.  No person other than DTC shall receive a 
Series 2019 Bond evidencing the obligation of the City to make payments of principal or redemption price, as 
applicable, and interest thereon pursuant to the Sixth Suppleme ntal Certificate or the General Certificate.  Upon 
delivery by DTC to the Trustee of written notice to the effect that DTC has determined to substitute a new nominee 
in place of Cede, and subject to the transfer provisions hereof, the word “Cede” in the Sixth Supplemental Certificate 
shall refer to such new nominee of DTC.  All transfers of Serie s 2019 Bonds shall be effected as set forth in Section 
306 of the General Certificate; provided that the City acknowle dges and agrees that DTC shall establish procedures 
with its participants for recording and transferring the ownership of beneficial interests in the Series 2019 Bonds.  The 
City and the Trustee may enter into a letter of representation and other documentation necessary or desirable to 
effectuate the issuance of the Series 2019 Bonds in book-entry form. 
For purposes of determining consents of the owners of any Series 2019 Bonds under the General Certificate, 
the Trustee shall establish a record date for determination of ownership of such Series 2019 Bonds, and shall give to 
DTC at least fifteen (15) calendar days’ notice of any record date so established. 
DTC may determine to discontinue providing its services with respect to any Series of the Series 2019 Bonds 
at any time by giving written notice to the City and discharging its responsibilities with respect thereto under applicable 
law. 
The City, in its sole discretion and without the consent of any  other person, may terminate the services of 
DTC with respect to the Series 2019 Bonds if the City determines, and shall terminate the services of DTC with respect 
to the Series 2019 Bonds upon receipt by the City and the Trustee of written notice from DTC to the effect that DTC 
has received written notice from DTC participants or indirect participants having interests, as shown in the records of 
DTC, in an aggregate amount of not less than fifty percent (50%) of the aggregate principal amount of the then 
Outstanding Bonds of the Series 2019 Bonds, that: (A) DTC is unable to discharge its responsibilities with respect to 
such Series 2019 Bonds; or (B) a continuation of the requiremen t that all of the Outstanding Bonds of such Series 
2019 Bonds be registered in the registration books kept by the Trustee in the name of Cede, as nominee of DTC, is 
not in the best interest of the beneficial owners of such Series 2019 Bonds. 
Upon the termination of the services of DTC with respect to the  Series 2019 Bonds, or upon the 
discontinuance or termination of the services of DTC with respect to 
 the Series 2019 Bonds after which no substitute 
securities depository willing to undertake the functions of DTC hereunder can be found which, in the opinion of the 
City, is willing and able to undertake such functions upon reas onable and customary terms, the Series 2019 Bonds 
shall no longer be restricted to being registered in the regist ration books kept by the Trustee in the name of Cede, as 
nominee of DTC, or in the name of any substitute securities dep ository or its nominee, but may be registered in {W11490398.1} C-48 
whatever names the registered holder transferring or exchanging the Series 2019 Bonds shall designate, in accordance 
with the provisions of Article III of the General Certificate. 
The City may amend the Sixth Supplemental Certificate without notice to or consent of the owners of any of 
the Series 2019 Bonds in order to (x) effect the certification of one or more Series of the Series 2019 Bonds or (y) 
substitute another securities depository for DTC. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Sixth Supplemental C ertificate or the General Certificate to the 
contrary, so long as any Series 2019 Bond is registered in the name of Cede, as nominee of DTC, all payments with 
respect to the principal or redemption price of, as applicable, and interest on, and all notices with respect to such Series 
shall be made and given, respectively, to DTC pursuant to the B lanket Issuer Letter of Representations dated as of 
May 18, 1995 between the City and DTC.  Similar arrangements ma y be made with any substitute securities 
depository. 
While DTC or its nominee, or any other securities depositary, i s the registered owner of any Series of the 
Series 2019 Bonds, all notices of redemption with respect to th e Series 2019 Bonds shall be sent for receipt by the 
registered owner at least two days prior to the date of general publication or release to the public. 
In the event that the book-entry only system is discontinued, t he Series 2019 Bonds shall be issued in 
certificated and fully registered form, and upon the written re quest of any holder of at least $1,000,000 in principal 
amount of Series 2019 Bonds, the Trustee shall enter two addres ses for such holder upon its registration books, and 
any such notice of redemption shall be mailed as provided herei n to both such addresses; provided, however, that 
failure to mail such notice to the Third address shall not affe ct the validity of any proceedings for the redemption of 
any of the Series 2019 Bonds. 
Continuing Disclosure.   
The City in the Sixth Supplemental Certificate has authorized the execution and delivery by the Director of Finance 
of a continuing disclosure agreement (the “Continuing Disclosur e Agreement”) providing for continuing disclosure 
pursuant to Rule 15c2-12 adopted by the Securities and Exchange  Commission; and the City hereby designates the 
registered owners and beneficial owners of the Series 2019 Bond s as beneficiaries of the Continuing Disclosure 
Certificate Agreement in accordance with and subject to the terms of the Continuing Disclosure Agreement. 
  
APPENDIX D 
 
 
CITY OF PORTLAND, MAINE 
GENERAL AIRPORT REFUNDING REVENUE BONDS, SERIES 2019 (Non-AMT) 
(GREEN BONDS) 
PROPOSED FORM 
OF 
CONTINUING DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[This page left intentionally blank.]CITY OF PORTLAND, MAINE 
PROPOSED FORM OF 
CONTINUING DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT 
 
In connection with the issuance by the City of Portland, Maine (the “Issuer”) of its $58,450,000 2019 
General Airport Refunding Revenue Bonds, Series 2019 (Non-AMT) (Green Bonds), dated December 5, 
2019 (the “Bonds”) and with reference to the continuing disclos ure requirements of Rule 15c2-12 under 
the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and offici ally interpreted from time to time (the 
“Rule”), the Issuer hereby covenants under this Continuing Disc losure Agreement (the “Agreement”) that 
it will engage in the undertakings  described in Section 1, 2 an d 3 herein for the benefit of the beneficial 
owners of the Bonds, subject to the conditions and limitations specified herein.  Under the Agreement, the 
Issuer is obligated to provide certain updated financial information and operating data annually, and timely 
notice of specified material events, to the MSRB (defined below ). This information will be available from 
the MSRB via the Electronic Municipal Market Access (“EMMA”) sy stem at www.emma.msrb.org.  The 
Issuer reserves the right to incorporate by reference its Official Statement dated November 19, 2019 relating 
to the Bonds (the “Official Statement”), which will be submitte d to the MSRB, as hereinafter defined, at 
the time of delivery of the Bonds, in any future disclosure provided hereunder. 
In addition to the definitions set  forth above in the undertaki ng, which apply to any capitalized term used 
in this Agreement unless otherwise defined, if used the following capitalized terms shall have the following 
meanings: 
“Annual Jetport Report” means the audited financial statements of the Portland International Jetport (An 
Enterprise Fund of the City of Portland, Maine), including subs tantially the same type of financial and 
operating information and schedules as included in the Portland International Jetport Financial Statements 
(An Enterprise Fund of the City of Portland, Maine) for the years ended June 30, 2018 and 2017. 
“Beneficial Owner” shall mean any person which (a) has the powe r, directly or indirectly, to vote or 
consent with respect to, or to d ispose of ownership of, any Bon ds (including persons holding Bonds 
through nominees, depositories or other intermediaries), (b) is treated as the owner of any Bonds for 
federal income tax purposes or (c) is a Holder. 
“Business Day” shall mean a day other than a Saturday or a Sund ay or a day on which banks in Maine 
are authorized or required by law to close. 
“Dissemination Agent” shall mean the Issuer or any Disseminatio n Agent designated in writing by the 
Issuer and which has filed with the Issuer a written acceptance of such designation. 
“Financial Obligation” shall mean a (i) debt obligation; (ii) d erivative instrument entered into in 
connection with, or pledged as security or a source of payment for, an existing or planned debt obligation; 
or (iii) guarantee of (i) or (ii).  The term “Financial Obligation” does not include municipal securities as 
to which a final official statement has been provided to the MSRB consistent with the Rule. 
“Holders” shall mean the registered Holders of the Bonds, as re corded in the registration books of the 
Registrar. 
“Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board” or “MSRB” shall mean the Municipal Securities Rulemaking 
Board, established under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or any successor thereto, 
with an address of 1300 I Street NW, Suite 1000, Washington, DC 20005. 
“Person” shall mean any natural person, corporation, limited li ability company, partnership, limited 
partnership, association and is otherwise to be construed broadly. 
“State” shall mean the State of Maine. 
1. The Issuer will provide to the MSRB commencing with the fiscal year ending June 30, 2020 (a)  not 
later than 270 days after the end of each fiscal year, the Annual Jetport Report; and (b) promptly upon 
D-1becoming available, the annual a udited financial statements of the Issuer.  Any such financial 
statements will be prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles or such other 
accounting principles as the Issuer may be required to employ f rom time to time pursuant to State law 
or regulation. 
The Issuer reserves the right to modify from time to time the s pecific types of information provided 
under this Section 1 or the format of the presentation of such information to reflect changed 
circumstances, provided that any such modification will be done in a manner consistent with the Rule. 
2. The Issuer will provide in a timely manner, not in excess of ten (10) Business Days, after the occurrence 
of an event listed in this Section 2 to the MSRB through EMMA (in an electronic format as prescribed 
by the MSRB) unless otherwise required by the MSRB, notice of the occurrence of any of the following 
events with respect to the Bonds: 
 
(1) Principal and interest payment delinquencies; 
(2) Non-payment related defaults, if material; 
(3) Unscheduled draws on debt service reserves reflecting financial difficulties; 
(4) Unscheduled draws on credit enhancements reflecting financial difficulties; 
(5) Substitution of credit or liquidity providers, or their failure to perform; 
(6) Adverse tax opinions, the issuance by the Internal Revenue Service of Proposed Issue 
(IRS Form 5701-TEB) or other material notices or determinations with respect to the tax 
status of the Bonds, or other material events affecting the tax status of the Bonds; 
(7) Modifications to the rights of Holders of the Bonds, if material; 
(8) Bond calls, if material, and tender offers; 
(9) Defeasances; 
(10) Release, substitution, or sale of property securing repayment of the Bonds, if material;  
(11) Rating changes; 
(12) Bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar event of the Issuer (Note: For the 
purposes of the event identified in this subparagraph (12), the event is considered to 
occur when any of the following occur: The appointment of a receiver, fiscal agent or 
similar officer for the Issuer in a proceeding under the United States Bankruptcy Code or 
in any other proceeding under state or federal law in which a court or governmental 
authority has assumed jurisdiction over substantially all of the assets or business of the 
Issuer, or if such jurisdiction has been assumed by leaving the existing governing body 
and officials or officers in possession but subject to the supervision and orders of a court 
or governmental authority, or the entry of an order confirming a plan of reorganization, 
arrangement or liquidation by a court or governmental authority having supervision or 
jurisdiction over substantially all of the assets or business of the Issuer.); 
(13) The consummation of a merger, consolidation, or acquisition involving the Issuer or the 
sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Issuer, other than in the ordinary course 
of business, the entry into a definitive agreement to undertake such an action or the 
termination of a definitive agreement relating to any such actions, other than pursuant to 
its terms, if material;  
(14) Appointment of a successor or additional trustee or the change of name of a trustee, 
material;  
(15) Incurrence of a Financial Obligation of the Issuer or agreement to covenants, events of 
default, remedies, priority rights, or other similar terms of a Financial Obligation of the 
Issuer or obligated person, any of which affect the Holders, if material; and 
(16) Default, event of acceleration, termination event, modification of terms, or other similar 
events under the terms of any Financial Obligation of the Issuer or obligated person, any 
of which reflect financial difficulties. 
D-2The Issuer from time to time may choose to provide notice of the occurrence of certain other events, in 
addition to those listed above, but the Issuer does not undertake to commit to provide any such notice 
of the occurrence of any material event except those listed above. 
3. The Issuer will provide in a timely manner to the MSRB notice of a failure to satisfy the requirements 
of Section 1 hereof.  The Issuer hereby agrees that all documents and information provided to the MSRB 
shall be provided in electronic format as prescribed by the MSR B and shall be accompanied by 
identifying information as prescribed by the MSRB. 
4. The intent of the Issuer’s undertaking in this Agreement is to provide on a continuing basis the 
information described in the Rule.  The provisions of the Agree ment may be amended by the Issuer 
without the consent of, or notice to, any Beneficial Owners of the Bonds, (a) to comply with or conform 
to the provisions of the Rule or any amendments thereto or authoritative interpretations thereof by the 
Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) or its staff (whethe r required or optional), (b) to add a 
Dissemination Agent for the information required to be provided  by such undertakings and to make 
any necessary or desirable provisions with respect thereto, (c) to add to the covenants of the Issuer for 
the benefit of the Beneficial Owners of the Bonds, (d) to modif y the contents, presentation and format 
of the Annual Financial Informa tion from time to time as a resu lt of a change in circumstances that 
arises from a change in legal requirements, or (e) to otherwise  modify the undertakings in a manner 
consistent with the requirements of the Rule concerning continuing disclosure; provided, however, that 
in the case of any amendment pursuant to clause (d) or (e), (i) the undertaking, as amended, would have 
complied with the requirements of the Rule at the time of the offering of the Bonds, after taking into 
account any amendments or authoritative interpretations of the Rule, as well as any change in 
circumstances, and (ii) the amendment does not materially impair the interests of the Beneficial Owners 
of the Bonds, as determined either by a party unaffiliated with the Issuer (such as bond counsel), or by 
the vote or consent of Beneficial Owners of a majority in outst anding principal amount of the Bonds 
affected thereby at or prior to the time of such amendment.   
Furthermore, the Issuer’s obligations under this Agreement shall terminate upon the legal defeasance, 
prior redemption or payment of in full of all of the Bonds or t o the extent that the Rule, as in effect 
from time to time, no longer requires the issuers of municipal securities to provide all or any portion of 
the information the Issuer has agreed to provide pursuant to the Agreement, the obligation of the Issuer 
to provide such information also shall cease immediately. 
5. The purpose of the Issuer’s undertaking is to conform to the re quirements of the Rule and, except for 
creating the right on the part of the Beneficial Owners of the Bonds, from time to time, to specifically 
enforce the Issuer’s obligations hereunder, not to create new contractual or other rights for any 
Beneficial Owner of the Bonds, any municipal securities broker or dealer, any potential purchaser of 
the Bonds, the SEC or any other person.  The sole remedy in the  event of any actual or alleged failure 
by the Issuer to comply with any provision herein shall be an action for the specific performance of the 
Issuer’s obligations hereunder and not for money damages in any amount.  Any failure by the Issuer to 
comply with any provision of this undertaking shall not constit ute an event of default with respect to 
the Bonds. 
6. Except as disclosed in its Official Statement, the Issuer has n ever failed to comply in all material 
respects with any previous undertakings to provide information to MSRB or notices of events set forth 
in Section 2 in accordance with the Rule and as otherwise agree d pursuant to existing continuing 
disclosure certificates and agreements. 
7. The Issuer’s Director of Finance, or such official’s designee f rom time to time, shall be the contact 
person on behalf of the Issuer from whom the foregoing information, data and notices may be obtained.  
The name, address and telephone number of the initial contact person is Brendan T. O’Connell, Director 
of Finance, City of Portland, 389 Congress Street, Portland, ME  04101; Telephone: (207) 874-8642. 
 
D-3 
Dated: __________ ____, 20__
CITY OF PORTLAND, MAINE 
 
 
By:_______________________________ 
 
 
Its:________________________________
 
D-4CITY OF PORTLAND, MAINE • GENERAL AIRPORT REFuNDING REvENuE BONDs, sERIEs 2019 (NON-AMT) (GREEN BONDs)