New Issue – Book Entry Only See “RATINGS” herein
Subject to compliance by the Issuer and the Company with certain covenants, in the opinion of Kutak Rock LLP, Bond Counsel, 
under existing laws, regulations, rulings and judicial decisions, interest on the Bonds is excludable from gross income for federal 
income tax purposes, except for interest on any Bond for any period during which such Bond is held by a “substantial user” of 
the facilities financed with Bond proceeds or a “related person” (within the meaning of Section 147(a) of the Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended); however, such interest on the Bonds is included as an item of tax preference in computing the federal 
alternative minimum tax for individuals.  In the further opinion of Bond Counsel, under existing laws, regulations, rulings and 
judicial decisions, the Bonds and the income therefrom are exempt from all taxation in the State of Alabama (the “State”).  See “TAX 
MATTERS” herein for a more complete discussion.
$63,400,000
THE INDUSTRIAL DEVELOPMENT BOARD OF THE CITY OF HOOVER (ALABAMA)
Environmental Improvement Revenue Bonds, Series 2020
(United States Steel Corporation Project)
(Green Bonds)
(AMT)
CUSIP: 439241 AB6*
Dated:  Date of Issuance  Maturity Date:  November 1, 2050
Term Interest Rate: 6.375% Mandatory Purchase Date: November 1, 2030
The Bonds will bear interest at a Term Interest Rate of 6.375% to but not including November 1, 2030 (the “Mandatory Purchase Date”), 
subject to adjustment of the Interest Rate Period for the Bonds as described herein.  Interest on the Bonds will be paid semiannually on each May 
1 and November 1, commencing May 1, 2021, accruing from the date of issuance of the Bonds.  The Bonds will be issued as fully registered bonds 
and initially will be registered in the name of CEDE & Co., as nominee for The Depository Trust Company, New York, New York (“DTC”).  DTC 
will act as a securities depository for the Bonds.  Purchases of beneficial interests in the Bonds will be made in book-entry-only form (without 
certificates) in denominations of $5,000 or any integral multiple thereof, and the Bonds are exchangeable as more fully described herein.  
Principal will be payable with respect to the Bonds at the designated offices of The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee.  
So long as DTC or its nominee, CEDE & Co., is the registered owner of the Bonds, payment of the principal of and interest on the Bonds will be 
made directly to CEDE & Co.  See “DTC AND THE BOOK-ENTRY SYSTEM” herein.
This Official Statement only describes the Bonds while they bear interest at the Term Interest Rate set forth above.
THE BONDS ARE SPECIAL AND LIMITED OBLIGATIONS OF THE ISSUER.  IN NO CASE WILL THE BONDS REPRESENT 
OR CONSTITUTE A CHARGE AGAINST THE GENERAL CREDIT OF THE ISSUER OR AN INDEBTEDNESS OF THE CITY OF 
HOOVER, ALABAMA (THE “CITY”), JEFFERSON COUNTY, ALABAMA (THE “COUNTY”), THE STATE OR ANY POLITICAL 
SUBDIVISION OF THE STATE WITHIN THE MEANING OF ANY STATE CONSTITUTIONAL PROVISION OR STATUTORY 
LIMITATION OR CONSTITUTE OR GIVE RISE TO A PECUNIARY LIABILITY OF THE CITY, THE COUNTY OR THE STATE OR 
ANY POLITICAL SUBDIVISION OF THE STATE OR A CHARGE AGAINST THE GENERAL CREDIT OR TAXING POWER, IF 
ANY, OF THE ISSUER OR OF THE STATE OR ANY POLITICAL SUBDIVISION OF THE STATE.  THE BONDS ARE PAYABLE 
SOLELY FROM THE PLEDGED RECEIPTS. THE ISSUER HAS NO TAXING POWER. SEE “SOURCE OF PAYMENT FOR THE 
BONDS.”
The Bonds are payable solely from revenues derived under the terms of an Agreement of Sale with the Issuer delivered by:
 
UNITED STATES STEEL CORPORATION
The Bonds are subject to optional, extraordinary optional and extraordinary mandatory redemption prior to maturity, and 
mandatory purchase prior to maturity, including purchase in lieu of redemption, pursuant to the Indenture, as described herein.  
See “DESCRIPTION OF THE BONDS — Redemption” and “— Mandatory Tender of Bonds for Purchase” herein.
Prospective purchasers of the Bonds should be aware of certain investment considerations and risk factors in evaluating an 
investment in the Bonds.  PURCHASE OF THE BONDS INVOLVES A SIGNIFICANT DEGREE OF INVESTMENT RISK.  See “RISK 
FACTORS” herein.
Price:  100%
The Bonds are offered when, as and if issued by the Issuer and accepted by the Underwriters, subject to prior sale, to the withdrawal or 
modification of the offer without notice and to certain other conditions, including the unqualified approval of legality by Kutak Rock LLP, 
Bond Counsel.  Certain legal matters will be passed upon for the Underwriters by their counsel, Ballard Spahr LLP; for the Issuer by Bradley 
Arant Boult Cummings LLP; and for United States Steel Corporation by Mark Furry, its Associate General Counsel – Corporate and by Burr 
& Forman LLP.  The Bonds are expected to be delivered to DTC in book-entry form on or about November 24, 2020.
BofA Securities
 Morgan Stanley  Wells Fargo Securities  
 Barclays Citigroup  Fifth Third Securities, Inc.  Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC  Truist Securities  
November 12, 2020
*  CUSIP is a registered trademark of American Bankers Association.  The CUSIP number in this Official Statement is provided by CUSIP Global Services 
LLC, managed on behalf of the American Bankers Association by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc.  The CUSIP number listed 
is being provided solely for convenience of the bondholders only at the time of issuance of the Bonds and none of the Company, the Issuer, the Trustee 
or the Underwriters make any representation as to the correctness of, nor shall any of them be responsible for, the accuracy of such number now or at 
any time in the future.[THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]  
DMEAST #42829301 v4 i 
No dealer, broker, sales representative or other person has been authorized by the Company, the 
Issuer or the Underwriters to give any informati on or to make any represen tations, other than those 
contained in this Official Statement, and, if given or made, such other information or representations must 
not be relied upon as having been authorized by any of  the foregoing.  This Official Statement does not 
constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offe r to buy, nor shall there be any sale of the Bonds by 
any person in any jurisdiction in which it is unlawful for such person to make such offer, solicitation or 
sale.  The information relating to the Issuer under the heading “THE ISSUER” and “NO LITIGATION” 
as it relates to the Issuer has been obtained from the Issuer.  The Issuer makes no representation, warranty 
or certification as to the adequacy or accuracy of th e information set forth elsewhere in the Official 
Statement.  The Issuer has not reviewed or approved any information in this Official Statement except for 
the information relating to the Issuer under the headings “THE ISSUER” and “NO LITIGATION” as it 
relates to the Issuer.  The information set fort h in Appendix A hereto has been obtained from the 
Company and is not guaranteed as to accuracy or completeness, and is not to be construed as a 
representation by the Issuer or the Underwriters.  The other information and expressions of opinion herein 
are subject to change without notice, and neither the delivery of this Official Statement nor any sale made 
hereunder shall, under any circumstances,  create any implications that there has been no change in the 
affairs of the parties already referred to or that the other information or opinions are correct as of any time 
subsequent to the date hereof. 
The Underwriters have provided the following sentence for inclusion in this Official Statement. 
The Underwriters have reviewed the information in this Official Statement in accordance with, and as part 
of, their responsibility to investors under the fede ral securities laws as applied to the facts and 
circumstances of this transaction, but the Underwriters  do not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of 
such information. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
INTRODUCTION ......................................................................................................................... 1 
THE ISSUER ................................................................................................................................. 2 
APPLICATION OF PROCEEDS .................................................................................................. 3 
GREEN BOND DESIGNATION .................................................................................................. 3 
SOURCE OF PAYMENT FOR THE BONDS ............................................................................. 4 
DESCRIPTION OF THE BONDS ................................................................................................ 5 
DTC AND THE BOOK–ENTRY SYSTEM ............................................................................... 12 
THE AGREEMENT .................................................................................................................... 14 
THE INDENTURE ...................................................................................................................... 18 
RISK FACTORS ......................................................................................................................... 24 
THE TRUSTEE ........................................................................................................................... 29 
TAX MATTERS .......................................................................................................................... 29 
LEGAL MATTERS ..................................................................................................................... 31 
NO LITIGATION ........................................................................................................................ 31 
CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS .................................................................................................... 31 
RATINGS .................................................................................................................................... 32 
UNDERWRITING ...................................................................................................................... 32 
CONTINUING DISCLOSURE ................................................................................................... 33 
MISCELLANEOUS .................................................................................................................... 34 DMEAST #42829301 v4 ii 
APPENDIX A — United States Steel Corporation  
APPENDIX B — Proposed Form of Opinion of Bond Counsel 
APPENDIX C — Form of Continuing Disclosure Agreement 
IN CONNECTION WITH THE OFFERING, THE UNDERWRITERS MAY OVERALLOT OR 
EFFECT TRANSACTIONS WHICH STABILIZE OR MAINTAIN THE MARKET PRICE OF THE 
BONDS AT A LEVEL ABOVE THAT WHICH MIGHT OTHERWISE PREVAIL IN THE OPEN 
MARKET.  SUCH STABILIZING, IF COMMENCED, MAY BE DISCONTINUED AT ANY TIME. 
THE BONDS HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, 
NOR HAS THE INDENTURE BEEN QUALIFIED UNDER THE TRUST INDENTURE ACT OF 1939, 
IN RELIANCE UPON CERTAIN EXEMPTIONS SET FORTH IN SUCH ACTS.  THE 
REGISTRATION, QUALIFICATION OR EXEMPTION OF THE BONDS IN ACCORDANCE WITH 
THE APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAW PROVISIONS OF THE JURISDICTIONS WHEREIN THE 
BONDS HAVE BEEN REGISTERED, QUALIFIED OR EXEMPTED SHOULD NOT BE REGARDED 
AS A RECOMMENDATION THEREOF.  NONE OF THESE JURISDICTIONS NOR ANY OF THEIR 
AGENCIES HAVE GUARANTEED OR PASSED UPON THE SAFETY OF THE BONDS AS AN 
INVESTMENT OR UPON THE ACCURACY OR ADEQUACY OF THIS OFFICIAL STATEMENT.  
ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY MAY BE A CRIMINAL OFFENSE.  
DMEAST #42829301 v4
$63,400,000 
The Industrial Development Board of the City of Hoover (Alabama) 
Environmental Improvement Revenue Bonds, Series 2020 
(United States Steel Corporation Project) 
(Green Bonds) 
(AMT) 
INTRODUCTION 
This Official Statement sets forth informa tion concerning $63,400,000 aggregate principal 
amount of The Industrial Development Board of the City of Hoover Environmental Improvement 
Revenue Bonds, Series 2020 (United States Steel Corporation Project) (Green Bonds) (the “Bonds”) to be 
issued by The Industrial Development Board of the City of Hoover (the “Issuer”).  The Bonds will be 
issued under and secured by a Trust Indenture, dated as of November 1, 2020 (the “Indenture”), between 
the Issuer and The Bank of New York Mellon Trus t Company, N.A., as trustee (the “Trustee”).  The 
Trustee will act as registrar (the “Registrar”) of and paying agent (the “Paying Agent”) for the Bonds.  
The Bonds are being issued pursuant to the authority  and in full compliance with the Act (as defined 
below).  See “THE ISSUER” herein. 
Concurrently with the issuance of the Bonds, the Issuer will enter into an Agreement of Sale 
dated as of November 1, 2020 (the “Agreement”) w ith United States Steel Corporation, a Delaware 
corporation (the “Company”).  Pursuant to the Agreement, the Issuer will provide the proceeds of the sale 
of the Bonds to the Company for the purpose of fina ncing or refinancing the acquisition, construction, 
equipping and installation of the Project Facilities (as defined below; see “APPLICATION OF 
PROCEEDS” herein), and the Project Facilities will be sold by the Issuer to the Company for a purchase 
price sufficient to pay, when due, the principal or redemption price of, and interest on the Bonds.  In 
addition, the Company has agreed in the Agreement to pay the pur chase price of Bonds subject to 
mandatory tender for purchase as described  below under “DESCRIPTION OF THE BONDS – 
Mandatory Tender of Bonds for Purchase.”  No Letter of  Credit or other credit or liquidity facility will be 
provided to support the payment of such purchase price.  Pursuant to the Indenture, the Issuer will pledge 
and assign its rights in and to the Agreement (with th e exception of certain reserved rights) and to the 
Pledged Receipts (as defined below under “SOURCE OF PAYMENT FOR THE BONDS”) to the 
Trustee to secure the Bonds. 
The Company, as obligor, is concurrently e ngaged in a separate simultaneous offering of 
$33,300,000 aggregate principal amount of 6.750% Environmental Improvement Revenue Bonds, Series 
2020A (United States Steel Corporation Project) to be issued by the Indiana Finance Authority (the 
“Indiana Bonds”).  The Indiana Bonds are being issued pursuant to a separate Official Statement and are 
not being offered pursuant to this Official Statement.  The current offering and the offering of the Indiana 
Bonds are independent of one another, and neither of the offerings is  contingent upon the successful 
closing of the other offering. 
THE BONDS ARE SPECIAL AND LIMITED OBLIGATIONS OF THE ISSUER.  IN NO 
CASE WILL THE BONDS REPRESENT OR CONSTITUTE A CHARGE AGAINST THE 
GENERAL CREDIT OF THE ISSUER OR AN INDEBTEDNESS OF THE CITY OF HOOVER, 
ALABAMA (THE “CITY”), JEFFERSON COUNTY, ALABAMA (THE “COUNTY”), THE 
STATE OF ALABAMA (THE “STATE”) OR ANY POLITICAL SUBDIVISION OF THE STATE 
WITHIN THE MEANING OF ANY STATE CONSTITUTIONAL PROVISION OR 
STATUTORY LIMITATION OR CONSTITUTE OR GIVE RISE TO A PECUNIARY 
LIABILITY OF THE CITY, THE COUNTY OR THE STATE OR ANY POLITICAL DMEAST #42829301 v4 2 
SUBDIVISION OF THE STATE OR A CHARGE AGAINST THE GENERAL CREDIT OR 
TAXING POWER, IF ANY, OF THE ISSUER OR OF THE STATE OR ANY POLITICAL 
SUBDIVISION OF THE STATE.  THE BONDS ARE PAYABLE SOLELY FROM THE 
PLEDGED RECEIPTS.  SEE “SOURCE OF PAYMENT FOR THE BONDS.” 
The Bonds are subject to optional, extraordinary optional and extraordinary mandatory 
redemption prior to maturity, and mandatory purchase prior to maturity, including purchase in lieu of 
redemption, pursuant to the Indenture, as described herein.  See “DESCRIPTION OF THE 
BONDS ― Redemption” and “― Mandatory Tender of Bonds for Purchase” herein. 
This Official Statement contains brief descr iptions of, among other things, the Issuer, the 
Company, the Bonds, the Indenture, the Agreement a nd certain other agreements relating to the Bonds.  
Such descriptions and information do not purport to be comprehensive or definitive.  All references herein 
to documents and agreements are qualified in thei r entirety by reference to such documents and 
agreements and references herein to the Bonds are qualified in their entirety by reference to the form 
thereof included in the Indenture.  Copies of such  documents will be available for inspection at the 
designated office of the Trustee after delivery of the Bonds. 
The Indenture and the Agreement require the perfo rmance of certain acts necessary to assure that 
interest on the Bonds is excludable from the gross income of the owners thereof for the purposes of 
federal income taxation.  The Company and the Issuer have each covenanted to perform such acts. 
Appendix A to this Official Statement has b een furnished by the Company and contains 
information concerning the Company. 
Capitalized terms used herein but not otherwise defined have such meanings as are ascribed to 
them in the Indenture. 
THE ISSUER 
The Issuer is a public corporation created and exis ting under the laws of the State, acting through 
its duly elected board, duly organized and validly existing under and by virtue of Act No. 648 enacted at 
the 1949 Regular Session of the Legislature of Alabama (Code of Alabama 1975 § 11-54-80, et seq.), as 
amended (the “Act”).  The Issuer has no taxing power , and any indebtedness incurred by the Issuer does 
not constitute an indebtedness of the State, the City, the County or any political subdivision of the State, 
within the meaning or application of any constitutiona l provision or limitation.  The Issuer is authorized 
under the Act to issue the Bonds.  In order to accomplish such action, the Issuer is authorized to enter into 
and perform its obligations under the Indenture and the Agreement. 
THE BONDS ARE SPECIAL AND LIMITED OBLIGATIONS OF THE ISSUER.  IN NO 
CASE WILL THE BONDS REPRESENT OR CONSTI TUTE A CHARGE AGAINST THE GENERAL 
CREDIT OF THE ISSUER OR AN INDEBTEDNESS OF THE CITY, THE COUNTY, THE STATE 
OR ANY POLITICAL SUBDIVISION OF THE STATE WITHIN THE MEANING OF ANY STATE 
CONSTITUTIONAL PROVISION OR STATUTORY LIMITATION OR CONSTITUTE OR GIVE 
RISE TO A PECUNIARY LIABILITY OF THE CITY, THE COUNTY OR THE STATE OR ANY 
POLITICAL SUBDIVISION OF THE STATE OR A CHARGE AGAINST THE GENERAL CREDIT 
OR TAXING POWER, IF ANY, OF THE ISSUER OR OF THE STATE OR ANY POLITICAL 
SUBDIVISION OF THE STATE.  THE BONDS  ARE PAYABLE SOLELY FROM THE PLEDGED 
RECEIPTS.  SEE “SOURCE OF PAYMENT FOR THE BONDS.” DMEAST #42829301 v4 3 
EXCEPT FOR INFORMATION CONCERNING TH E ISSUER IN THIS SECTION AND IN 
THE SECTION CAPTIONED “NO LITIGATION” AS IT RELATES TO THE ISSUER, NONE OF 
THE INFORMATION IN THIS OFFICIAL STATEMENT HAS BEEN SUPPLIED OR VERIFIED BY 
THE ISSUER, AND THE ISSUER MAKES NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY, EXPRESS 
OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF ANY OTHER INFORMATION 
CONTAINED IN THIS OFFICIAL STATEMENT. 
APPLICATION OF PROCEEDS 
General 
The proceeds of the Bonds will be deposited with  the Trustee and held under the Indenture until 
disbursed by the Trustee to finance or refinance th e acquisition, construction, equipping and installation 
of certain solid waste disposal facilities, includi ng an electric arc furnace and other equipment and 
facilities (the “Project Facilities”), at the Company’ s Fairfield Works Mill locat ed in unincorporated 
Jefferson County, Alabama (the “Plant”), and to pay a ll or a portion of the costs of issuing the Bonds.  
See “THE INDENTURE – Application of Bond Proceeds.” 
No Security Provided by Project Facilities 
None of the Project Facilities will provide security for the payment of the Bonds. 
GREEN BOND DESIGNATION 
General 
The proceeds of the Bonds will be used for “elig ible Green Projects” within the meaning of the 
Green Bond Principles of the International Capital Ma rkets Association, specifically within the category 
of pollution prevention and control, including waste recycling and waste reduction. At least 90% of the 
net proceeds of the Bonds, after deducting costs of issu ance, are expected to be spent on Project Facilities 
focused on the handling, sorting, processing, treatment  and recycling of ferrous scrap metals which are 
the raw materials for the Company’s new metals recycling electric arc furnace (“ EAF”) at the Plant. The 
liquid steel which is produced in the EAF, will sub sequently be continuously cast into solid, round 
shapes, and then finally processed into seamless tubular products, so that end customers can convey liquid 
materials over long distances, safely and reliably. The solid rounds are not currently produced by the 
Company. The EAF facility, once completed, is expected to operate at a significantly higher scrap 
recycling rate and with significantly lower emissi ons of greenhouse gas compared to the Company’s 
existing fully integrated operations at the Plant.  Th is strategy is known as the Company’s “Best of Both” 
whereby the Company combines the benefits of inte grated blast furnace and basic oxygen process (BOP) 
steelmaking using iron ore and coal as common raw ma terials with those of the electric arc furnace 
steelmaking using scrap metal as raw material to produce an optimized suite of steel products, both 
tubular and sheet.  Currently, the Company reports a CO
2 intensity (both Scope 1 and Scope 2) of 2.4 ton 
CO2/ton raw steel, whereas the Company’s EAF facility of which the Project Facilities are a part will 
have a CO 2 intensity of 0.6 tons CO 2/ton raw steel.  In addition, the Company’s current average overall 
corporate recycling rate of steel scrap is approximately 20%-25%.  With this “Best of Both” EAF facility, 
the Company will have a significantly higher steel r ecycling rate of 80%-90%.  The Company expects 
that the new facility’s environmental performance will be consistent with these metrics once the start-up 
phase is completed, which will necessarily be a tr ansitional period with some lower efficiencies 
anticipated. 
 The purpose of designating the Bonds as “Green B onds” is to provide investors the opportunity to 
invest directly in bonds that are specifically targeted  to support such environmentally beneficial projects. DMEAST #42829301 v4 4 
Because the repayment obligation of the Company with respect to the Bonds is not conditioned on 
completion of the  Project Facilities, holders of the B onds do not assume any risk directly related to the 
Project Facilities. 
Process for Expenditure Evaluation and Selection 
The Company’s Treasury department, in consultatio n with its Environmental Affairs department, 
will select expenditures based on the eligibility criteria set forth in “Eligible Green Expenditures” above. 
Management of Proceeds 
The payment of principal or redemption price and interest on the Bonds will be made from the 
Company's general funds and will not be directly linked to the performance of any eligible Green 
Projects. 
Reporting 
The Company has agreed in the Ag reement to annually, not later th an 180 days after the close of 
the Company’s fiscal year commencing with the fiscal year ending December 31, 2021, deliver a 
certificate to the Trustee that includes a description of the costs of the Project Facilities funded with the 
Bonds and the amount of Bond proceeds so applied and stating to the effect that no changes have been 
made to the Project Facilities that would reasonably be expected to materially adversely affect the 
environmental benefits of the Project Facilities. Such certificate also will be posted to the Electronic 
Municipal Market Access (“EMMA”) website of th e Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board (“MSRB”) 
on an annual basis not later than 180 days after th e close of the Company's fiscal year commencing with 
the fiscal year ending December 31, 2021. Once the Company has spent all of the proceeds of the Bonds, 
it will submit a final certificate to the Trustee, which is to be posted on EMMA  that includes a statement 
that all of the proceeds of the Bonds have been spent. Thereafter, the Company will no longer be 
obligated to provide the certificate to the Trustee or  to post the certificate on EMMA.  The failure of the 
Company to comply, or to cause comp liance with, the requirements of its  obligations described in this 
paragraph, will not be considered an Event of Default under the Agreement or the Indenture. 
The Agreement will not require the Company to allocate amounts relating to this offering to eligible 
Green Projects or take the other actions as described under this heading. 
While it is the Company’s intention to allocate an amount equal to the proceeds of this offering to 
eligible Green Projects in the manner described above under this heading and to take the other actions as 
described hereunder, any failure to do so will not co nstitute an Event of Default under the Agreement nor 
require the Company to purchase or redeem any of the Bonds or make any additional payments to 
Holders or take or refrain from taking any particular action as a result thereof. Any failure to allocate 
amounts relating to this offering to eligible Green Projects, meet or continue to meet the investment 
requirements or aspirations of certain sustainability  focused investors, or take the other actions as 
described above under this heading may negatively affect the market price of the Bonds to the extent 
investors are required or choose to sell their holdings as a result of such failure. 
SOURCE OF PAYMENT FOR THE BONDS 
The Bonds are special and limited obligations of  the Issuer, payment of which is secured by all 
right, title and interest of the Issuer in and to the following rights and revenues pledged to the Trustee 
under the Indenture: (a) the Agreement to receive payment or reimbursement of certain fees and expenses, 
to be held harmless and indemnifie d, to receive notices, and to give or withhold consent to amendments, DMEAST #42829301 v4 5 
changes, modifications and alterations of the Agreem ent (such rights, the “Unassigned Issuer’s Rights”)); 
and (b) (i) the Installment Payments (as defi ned below under “THE AGREEMENT – Installment 
Payments”) required to be paid by the Compan y to purchase the Project Facilities from the Issuer 
pursuant to the Agreement, (ii) all other moneys receive d or to be received by the Issuer or the Trustee in 
respect of the repayment of the Bonds, (iii) all mone ys and investments in th e Bond Fund and Project 
Fund, and (iv) all income and profit from the investment of the foregoing moneys (excluding the 
Unassigned Issuer’s Rights and any money or investme nts in the Rebate Fund under the Indenture or any 
moneys for the payment of the purchase price of the Bonds subject to mandatory tender for purchase as 
described below under “DESCRIPTION OF THE BONDS – Mandatory Tender of Bonds for Purchase”) 
(such sources in (b)(i) through (iv), the “Pledged Receipts”). 
THE BONDS ARE SPECIAL AND LIMITED OBLIGATIONS OF THE ISSUER.  IN NO CASE 
WILL THE BONDS REPRESENT OR CONSTITUTE A CHARGE AGAINST THE GENERAL 
CREDIT OF THE ISSUER OR AN INDEBTEDNESS OF THE CITY, THE COUNTY, THE 
STATE OR ANY POLITICAL SUBDIVISION OF THE STATE WITHIN THE MEANING OF 
ANY STATE CONSTITUTIONAL PROVISION OR STATUTORY LIMITATION OR 
CONSTITUTE OR GIVE RISE TO A PECUNIARY LIABILITY OF THE CITY, THE COUNTY 
OR THE STATE OR ANY POLITICAL SUBDIVISION OF THE STATE OR A CHARGE 
AGAINST THE GENERAL CREDIT OR TAXING POWER, IF ANY, OF THE ISSUER OR OF 
THE STATE OR ANY POLITICAL SUBDIVISION OF THE STATE.  THE BONDS ARE 
PAYABLE SOLELY FROM THE PLEDGED RECEIPTS.  THE ISSUER HAS NO TAXING 
POWER. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE BONDS 
General 
The Bonds will bear interest at the Term Interest Rate set forth on the cover page hereof for the 
period (the “Term Interest Rate Period”) from the date of issuance thereof (the “Date of Issuance”) to but 
not including November 1, 2030 (the “Mandatory Purc hase Date”), subject to adjustment of the Term 
Interest Rate Period for all or a portion of the Bonds as described below under “Adjustment of Term 
Interest Rate Period.”  The Bonds will be issued in the aggregate principal amount, will bear interest 
payable semiannually on May 1 and November 1 of each year, commencing on May 1, 2021 (each such 
date, together with the Mandatory Purchase Date and any Conversion Date or redemption date is herein 
referred to as an “Interest Payment Date”), and will mature on the Maturity Date set forth on the cover 
page hereof, subject to earlier redemption as described he rein.  Payment of defaulted interest, if any, will 
be made to owners of record on a special record date to be fixed by the Trustee. 
The following description of the Bonds only describes the Bonds while  they bear interest at the 
Term Interest Rate set forth on th e cover page hereof.  If any of th e Bonds are converted to another 
Interest Rate Period during or after the Term Interest  Rate Period, the affected Bonds must be purchased 
from the Holders pursuant to the mandatory tender provisions of the Indenture and if such Bonds are 
remarketed to investors at the new Interest Rate Peri od it is anticipated that a new official statement or 
other offering document will be prepared in connection with such remarketing. 
The Bonds will be issuable only in fully regist ered form, in denominations of $5,000 and any 
integral multiple thereof.   
The Bonds will bear interest, calculated on the basis of a 360-day year, comprised of twelve 30-
day months, from the most recent date to which interest has been paid or duly provided for or, if no 
interest has been paid or duly provided for, from the Date of Issuance. DMEAST #42829301 v4 6 
The principal and redemption price of any Bond w ill be payable when due to the person in whose 
name such Bond is registered (the “Holder”) on the records kept and maintained by the Registrar for 
registration and transfer of Bonds (the “Registe r”) upon presentation and surrender of such Bond at the 
designated office of the Trustee or at the office, desi gnated by the Trustee, of any Paying Agent. Interest 
on any Bond will be paid on each Interest Payment Date, by check or draft mailed by the Paying Agent on 
that date, to the person in whose name such Bond is registered at the close of business on the fifteenth day 
of the month preceding the month in which occurs such Interest Payment Date (or, if such day is not a 
Business Day, the immediately preceding Business Day) (each, a “Regular Record Date”) on the Register 
at the address appearing therein. While in book-entry form, payment of interest for any Bond registered in 
the name of CEDE & Co. will be made by wire tran sfer of immediately available funds, or any other 
manner permitted by the Blanket Issuer Letter of Repr esentations entered into by the Issuer with DTC 
(the “Letter of Representations”), to the account of CEDE & Co. on the Interest Payment Date or the 
redemption date.  
If and to the extent that the Issuer fails to make  payment or provision for payment of interest on 
any Bond on any Interest Payment Date, that interest  will cease to be payable to the person who was the 
Holder of that Bond as of the applicable Regular Record Date. When moneys become available for 
payment of such interest, (a) the Trustee will, in acco rdance with the Indenture, establish a record date (a 
“Special Record Date”) for the payment of that inter est which is not more than 15 nor fewer than 10 days 
prior to the date of the proposed payment, and (b ) the Trustee will cause notice of the proposed payment 
and of such Special Record Date to be sent, not fewer than 10 days prior to such Special Record Date, to 
each Holder at its address as it appears on the Register (or, in the case of Bonds held in book-entry form, 
in accordance with DTC’s policies and procedures) as of a date not earlier than five days prior to such 
date of sending and, thereafter, the interest will be payable to the Holders of the Bonds (or their respective 
predecessor Bonds) at the close of business on such Special Record Date. 
If any Interest Payment Date, date of maturity of  the principal of any Bonds or date fixed for 
redemption of any Bonds is a day which is a Saturday , Sunday or other day on which banks located in the 
city or cities in which the designated offices of the Trustee or any Paying Agent are located are required 
or authorized to close for general banking business or on which The New York Stock Exchange is closed 
(any day which is not such a day, a “Business Day”), then payment of interest, principal or redemption 
price need not be made by the Trustee or any Paying Agent on that date, but that payment may be made 
on the next succeeding Business Day with the same for ce and effect as if that payment were made on the 
Interest Payment Date, date of maturity or date fi xed for redemption, and no interest will accrue for the 
period after that date. 
So long as CEDE & Co. is the registered owne r of the Bonds, as nominee for The Depository 
Trust Company, New York, New York (“DTC”), paymen ts of the principal or redemption price of, and 
interest on the Bonds will be made directly to DTC.  Disbursement of such payments to DTC participants 
is the responsibility of DTC and disbursement of such payments to beneficial owners is the responsibility 
of DTC participants and indirect participants.  See “DTC AND THE BOOK-ENTRY SYSTEM” herein. 
Adjustment of Term Interest Rate Period 
The Company may elect that the Term Interest Rate Period be adjusted to a different Term 
Interest Rate Period or to a Fixed Interest Rate Period for all or a portion of the Bonds on any Business 
Day (other than the Mandatory Purchase Date) on whic h the Bonds are subject to optional redemption.  
See the first paragraph under “Redemption” below.  The effective date of any such  adjustment is referred 
to herein as a “Conversion Date.”  The Term Interest Rate Period is to be adju sted to a different Term 
Interest Rate Period or to a Fixed Interest Ra te Period on the Mandatory Purchase Date, which is 
November 1, 2030.  The Bonds so adjusted shall be subject to mandatory tender for purchase on the DMEAST #42829301 v4 7 
Conversion Date and on the Mandatory Purchase Date (see “Mandatory Tender of Bonds for Purchase” 
below). 
The Trustee shall give notice of the proposed adjustments described in the immediately preceding 
paragraph to the Holders by mail (or, so long as all of the Bonds are registered in the name of DTC or any 
nominee thereof, to DTC in accordan ce with the Letter of Representations) not less than fifteen (15) 
calendar days prior to the proposed Conversion Date.  Such notice shall state (i) that the Term Interest 
Rate Period will be adjusted for all or a portion of the Bonds to a Fixed Interest Rate Period or a different 
Term Interest Rate Period, as applicable, (ii) th e Conversion Date or the Mandatory Purchase Date, as 
applicable, (iii) that the Holders are required to  tender their Bonds for mandatory purchase on such 
Conversion Date or the Mandatory  Purchase Date, as applicable, as described under “Mandatory Tender 
of Bonds for Purchase” below, (iv) the procedures for such purchase and (v) the principal amount and the 
Interest Rate Period for the Bonds to be adjusted, in cluding, if applicable, the CUSIP number or letter and 
numerical designator of such Bonds. 
The Company may rescind any election by it of an adjustment of the Term Interest Rate Period 
for all or a portion of the Bonds as described above  prior to the proposed Conversion Date on which the 
new Interest Rate Period was to begin by giving wri tten notice thereof to the Trustee, the Tender Agent 
and the Remarketing Agent prior to such proposed Conversion Date.  If notice of such rescission is given 
before the Holders have been no tified as described above, then the election by the Company shall be 
deemed rescinded and of no force or effect.  If the notice of such rescission is given after the Holders 
have been so notified or if the notice of rescission does not become effective for any reason, then the 
affected Bonds shall be purchased on such proposed Conversion Date a nd shall be in the Term Interest 
Rate Period on such proposed Conversion Date and bear  such interest as estab lished by the Remarketing 
Agent in accordance with the provisions of the Indenture. 
Redemption 
Optional Redemption at the Make-Whole Redemption Price.  During the Term Interest Rate 
Period, the Bonds are subject to optional redemption at any time, in whole or in part, in such amounts as 
may be specified by the Company, at a redemption price calculated by the Quotation Agent (as defined 
below), equal to the greater of: 
(a) 100% of the principal amount of the B onds to be redeemed, plus accrued and 
unpaid interest to, but not including, the date fixed for redemption; or 
(b) an amount calculated by the Quotation Agent and provided in writing to the 
Trustee equal to the sum of the present values of the remaining unpaid payments of principal and 
interest to be paid on the Bonds to be redeemed, from and including the date fixed for redemption 
to the Mandatory Purchase Date, discounted from th e scheduled due dates for such payments to, 
but not including, the date fixed for redemption on a semiannual basis at a discount rate equal to 
the Applicable Tax-Exempt Municipal Bond Rate  (as defined below) for the Bonds to be 
redeemed. 
“Applicable Tax-Exempt Municipal Bond Rate” means the “Comparable AAA General 
Obligations” (as defined below) yield curve rate for the Maturity Date of the Bonds (assuming that on the 
Maturity Date the principal of the Bonds is payable at 100%) published by Municipal Market Data 
(“MMD”) five Business Days prior to the date fixed for redemption.  If no su ch yield curve rate is 
established for the applicable year, the “Comparabl e AAA General Obligations” yield curve rate for the 
two published maturities most closely corresponding to  the applicable year will be determined, and the 
“Applicable Tax-Exempt Municipal Bond Rate” will be  interpolated or extrapolated from those yield DMEAST #42829301 v4 8 
curve rates on a straight-line basis.  This rate is made available by MMD and is available to its subscribers 
at: www.tm3.com.  In calculating the Applicable Tax-Exempt Municipal Bond Rate, if MMD no longer 
publishes the “Comparable AAA General Obligations” yiel d curve rate, then the Applicable Tax-Exempt 
Municipal Bond Rate will equal the Municipal Market Advisors Consensus Municipal yield curve rate for 
the applicable year.  The Consensus Municipal yield curve rates are made available daily by Municipal 
Market Analytics, Inc. through Bloomberg (Comma nd Prompt: CMMA).  In the further event that 
Municipal Market Analytics, Inc. no longer publis hes the Consensus Municipal yield curve rate, the 
Applicable Tax-Exempt Municipal Bond Rate will be determined by the Quotation Agent, based upon the 
rate per annum equal to the semiannual equivalent yield to maturity of those tax-exempt general 
obligation bonds rated in the highest rating category by Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. and S&P Global 
Ratings with a maturity date equal to the Maturity Da te of the Bonds (assuming that on the Maturity Date 
the principal of the Bonds is payable at 100%) and ha ving characteristics (other than the rating) most 
comparable to the Bonds to be redeemed, in the judgment of the Quotation Agent. 
“Quotation Agent” means BofA Securities, Inc. or  such other bank, underwriter or other financial 
institution selected by the Company. 
Extraordinary Optional Redemption.  The Bonds are subject to  extraordinary optional 
redemption at the option of the Company, in whole or in part, at any time, at a redemption price equal to 
the principal amount of the Bonds redeemed, plus inter est accrued thereon to, but not including, the date 
fixed for redemption, upon the occurrence of any of the following circumstances: 
(a) Damage or destruction to any of the Pr oject Facilities or the Plant to such extent 
that, in the opinion of both the Company’s Board of Directors (expressed in a resolution) and an 
architect or engineer (expressed in a written stat ement) selected by the Company, both filed with 
the Trustee, (A) the Plant or such Project Facilities, as the case may be, cannot be reasonably 
repaired, rebuilt or restored within a period of six months to its or their condition immediately 
preceding such damage or destruction, or (B) the Company is thereby prevented from carrying on 
its normal operations at the Plant for a period of six months; 
(b) Loss of title to or use of a substantial part of the Plant that is, or of any Project 
Facilities that are, at the time of such loss of title or loss of use owned and operated by the 
Company as a result of the exercise of the power of eminent domain which, in the opinion of both 
the Company’s Board of Directors (expressed in a resolution) and an architect or engineer 
(expressed in a written statement) selected by the Company, both filed with the Trustee, results or 
is likely to result in the Company being there by prevented from carrying on its normal operations 
at the Plant for a period of six months;  
(c) A change in the Constitution of the State or of the United States of America or 
legislative or administrative action (whether local, state or federal) or a final decree, judgment or 
order of any court or administrative body (wheth er local, state or federal) which causes the 
Agreement to become void or unenforceable or impossible of performance in accordance with the 
intent and purpose of the parties as expressed therein or unreasonable burdens or excessive 
liabilities to be imposed upon the Issuer or the Comp any with respect to the Plant or any Project 
Facilities or the operation thereof; or  
(d) The Company has notice or actual k nowledge that proceeds of the Bonds, 
including income from the investment thereof, re main in the Project Fund after completion of the 
acquisition, construction, equipping and installation of the Project Facilities and the payment of 
all costs thereof and of the issuance of the Bonds. DMEAST #42829301 v4 9 
Anything in (a) or (b) above to the contrary notw ithstanding, if any of the events described in (a) 
and (b) above occur with respect to part, but not all,  of the Project Facilities, the amount of Bonds that 
may be redeemed shall not exceed an amount derive d by multiplying the total principal amount of the 
Bonds by a fraction (i) the numerator of which is the cost of the affected portion of the Project Facilities 
and (ii) the denominator of which is the total cost of the Project Facilities.  With respect to the event 
described in (d) above, the principal amount of Bonds  that may be redeemed shall not exceed a principal 
amount equal to the lowest amount divisible by $5,000 equal to or in excess of the remaining proceeds of 
the Bonds, including income from the investment thereof, and such redemption shall occur within 90 
calendar days of the Company’s having notice or  actual knowledge of such excess proceeds, including 
investment income therefrom. 
Extraordinary Mandatory Redemption .  The Bonds are subject to extraordinary mandatory 
redemption at any time, in whole (or in part, if in the Opinion of Nationally Recognized Bond Counsel (as 
defined below), such partial redemption will preserve  the exclusion from gross income for federal tax 
purposes of interest on the Bonds remaining outstanding after such redemption) at a redemption price of 
100% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued interest to, but not including, the date fixed for 
redemption, (a) if it is finally determined by the Internal Revenue Service or a court of competent 
jurisdiction that the interest payable on the Bonds is  includable in the gross income of any owner thereof 
for federal income tax purposes (other than an owner who is a “substantial user” of the Project Facilities 
or a “related person,” as such terms are used in Secti on 147(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended, and regulations a nd rulings applicable thereto (the “Code” )), because of a failure to satisfy the 
provisions of Section 103 or related sections of the Code, or but for such redemption would be so 
includable, or receipt by the Trustee of an Opinion of Nationally Recognized Bond Counsel to such effect 
obtained by the Company and rendered at the request of the Company or (b) at such time and to the extent 
that the Company notifies the Trustee in writing that th e Project Facilities that are still in use at such time 
are no longer being operated as qualifying exempt fa cilities under the Code (unless such facilities have 
simply ceased to be operated).  “Opinion of Nationa lly Recognized Bond Counsel” means a legal opinion 
of an attorney at law or firm of attorneys of nati onally recognized standing in matters pertaining to the 
exclusion from gross income under federal tax law of interest on bonds issued by states and political 
subdivisions, and duly admitted to practice law before the highest court of any state of the United States 
of America. 
With respect to clause (a) of the immediately preceding paragraph, any such determination will 
not be considered final for this purpose unless the Co mpany has been given written notice thereof and, if 
it so desires, has been affo rded the opportunity to contest the same, either directly or in the name of any 
owner of Bonds and until a conclusi on of any appellate review, if sought.  Any action by the Company to 
contest any determination either by the Internal Reve nue Service or a court of competent jurisdiction that 
the interest payable on the Bonds is includable in th e gross income of any owner of a Bond for federal 
income tax purposes (other than an owner who is a “substantial user” of the Project Facilities or a “related 
person,” as such terms are used in Section 147(a) of the Code), either final or otherwise, shall be 
undertaken with due diligence and dispatch.  The Bonds  shall be redeemed in whole after such final 
determination or delivery of such Opinion of Nati onally Recognized Bond Counsel to the Trustee unless 
the redemption of a portion of the Bonds outstanding w ould have the result that interest payable on the 
Bonds remaining outstanding after such redemption w ould not be includable in the gross income of any 
owner of a Bond for federal income tax purposes (other than an owner who is a “substantial user” of the 
Project Facilities or a “related person,” as such terms ar e used in Section 147(a) of the Code), and in such 
event the Bonds shall be redeemed by lot, or in  any other manner as the Trustee shall reasonably 
determine, in such amount as to accomplish that result or, with respect to Bonds held in book-entry form, 
in accordance with DTC’s policies and procedures.  A ny such redemption shall be made on the earlier of 
(i) the 120th day after the date such determination b ecomes final or (ii) the date of delivery of such DMEAST #42829301 v4 10 
Opinion of Nationally Recognized Bond Counsel to the Trustee, or on such earlier date as the Company 
may designate in writing. 
With respect to clause (b) of the second preceding paragraph, any such redemption shall be made 
on or before the 90th day after the date the Project  Facilities are no longer bei ng operated as qualifying 
exempt facilities under the Code (unless such facilities have simply ceased to be operated), or such later 
date as may be provided for by the Company.  If the Company shall have provided for a later redemption 
date, the Company will cause to be delivered to the Trustee an Opinion of Nationally Recognized Bond 
Counsel to the effect that redemption made on such la ter date will not adversely affect the exclusion from 
gross income of interest on the Bonds for federal income tax purposes.  The Bonds shall be redeemed by 
lot, or in any other manner as the Trustee shall reasona bly determine, or, with respect to Bonds held in 
book-entry form, in accordance with DTC’s policies and procedures, in such amount as to accomplish 
such extraordinary mandatory redemption. 
Selection of Bonds for Redemption .  If less than all of the Bonds are called for redemption, the 
Trustee shall select the Bonds to be redeemed by lot or in any other manner which the Trustee may 
reasonably determine or, with respect to Bonds he ld in book-entry form, in accordance with DTC’s 
policies and procedures.  All or a portion of any B ond may be redeemed, but only in a principal amount 
equal to $5,000 or any integral multiple thereof.  In the case of a par tial redemption of Bonds by lot when 
Bonds of denominations greater than $5,000 are then outstanding, each $5,000 unit of face value of 
principal thereof shall be treated as though it were a separate Bond of the denomination of $5,000. 
Notice of Redemption.  Notice of redemption will be given by the Trustee by sending a copy of 
the redemption notice at least 30 calendar days prior to  the redemption date, to the Holder of each Bond 
subject to redemption in whole or in part at the Holder’s address shown on the Register on the fifth day 
preceding the sending of such notice, provided that failure  to receive notice, or any defect in that notice, 
as to any Bond shall not affect the validity of the proceedings for the redemption of any other Bond.  Such 
notice shall (a) specify, among other things, the B onds to be redeemed, their CUSIP numbers, the 
redemption date, the redemption price and the place or places where amounts due upon such redemption 
will be payable and, if less than all of the Bonds are to be redeemed, the num bers of the Bonds, and the 
portions of the Bonds to be redeemed, (b) state an y condition to redemption, and (c) state that on the 
redemption date, and upon the satisfaction of any condition, the Bonds or portions thereof to be redeemed 
shall cease to bear interest and that a new Bond maturing on the same date and bearing interest at the 
same rate and in the same principal amount as the unredeemed portion of any Bond redeemed only in part 
will be registered in the name of and returned to the Holder of any such Bond in exchange therefor.   
SO LONG AS THE BOOK-ENTRY SYST EM IS USED FOR DETERMINING 
BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP OF THE BONDS, THE NOTICE OF REDEMPTION FOR THE 
BONDS WILL BE GIVEN TO CEDE & CO. AS REGISTERED OWNER OF THE BONDS.  
NEITHER FAILURE TO RECEIVE SUCH NOTICE NOR ANY DEFECT IN ANY NOTICE SO 
GIVEN SHALL AFFECT THE SUFFICIEN CY OF THE PROCEEDINGS FOR THE 
REDEMPTION OF THE BONDS. 
Effect of Redemption.  Notice of redemption having been given as described above, and moneys 
for the payment of the redemption price being held in trust to pay the redemption price of the Bonds or 
portions thereof so called for redemption, the Bonds or portions thereof so called for redemption shall 
become and be due and payable on such redemption da te, interest thereon shall cease to accrue, such 
Bonds or portions thereof shall cease to be entitled to any lien, benefit or security under the Indenture and 
the Holders of the Bonds shall have no rights in respect thereof except to receive payment of the 
redemption price. DMEAST #42829301 v4 11 
Purchase in Lieu of Redemption .  The Company may cause the Bonds (or a portion thereof) to 
be purchased in lieu of any optional redemption of the Bonds as described above under “DESCRIPTION 
OF THE BONDS – Redemption – Optional Redemption at the Make-Whole Redemption Price .”  Such 
option shall be exercised by the Company delivering to the Trustee on or prior to the Business Day 
preceding the redemption date a written direction specify ing that such Bonds sha ll not be redeemed, but 
instead shall be subject to mandatory tender for purchase.  Upon delivery of such notice, the Bonds 
specified therein shall not be redeem ed but shall instead be subject to  mandatory tender for purchase at a 
purchase price equal to the redemption price at whic h the Bonds would have been redeemed had they 
been redeemed, rather than tendered for mandatory purchase, on the date that would have been the 
redemption date.  Following such purchase, the Trust ee shall cause the Bonds to be registered upon the 
direction of the Company and deliver such Bonds as directed by the Company and the Bonds shall bear 
interest at a Term Interest Rate determined by the Remarketing Agent for a Term Interest Rate Period 
designated by the Company until the end of such Term Interest Rate Period or until a date designated by 
the Company at which such Bonds shall be tende red for mandatory purch ase in accordance with the 
provisions of the Indenture. The Company has agreed in the Agreement to pay or cause to be paid any 
such purchase price in immediately available funds to  the Trustee or the Tender Agent, as the case may 
be, by 4:00 p.m., New York City time, on each da y on which such a payment is due and that such 
obligation will be absolute and uncondi tional. No purchase in lieu of re demption of the Bonds by or on 
behalf of the Company shall be deemed to be a payment or redemption of the Bonds or any portion 
thereof, and such purchase shall not operate to extingu ish or discharge the indebtedness evidenced by the 
Bonds. 
Mandatory Tender of Bonds for Purchase 
Mandatory Tender for Purchase on Mandatory Purchase Date 
All of the Bonds shall be subject to mandato ry tender for purchase on the Mandatory Purchase 
Date at a purchase price equal to 100% of the princi pal amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest 
thereon, if any. 
Mandatory Tender for Purchase on Conversion Date 
Each Bond shall be subject to mandatory tender for purchase on the Conversion Date, if any, for 
such Bond at a purchase price equal to the redempti on price payable on such Bond if such Bond were 
being redeemed pursuant to the provisions described above under “DESCRIPTION OF THE BONDS – 
Redemption – Optional Redemption at the Make-Whole Redemption Price.” 
Conditions Applicable to Mandatory Tenders 
With respect to a mandatory tender: 
(i) Not less than 15 calendar days prior to th e Mandatory Purchase Date or Conversion Date, 
as applicable, of Bonds, the Trustee shall give notice to each Holder of affected Bonds of the mandatory 
tender of such Bonds and that interest will cease to accrue on such Bonds to such Holder on and after the 
Mandatory Purchase Date or Conversion Date, as a pplicable, provided funds for such purchase are on 
deposit with the Trustee or the Tender Agent, as th e case may be (the “Notice of Mandatory Tender”), 
and the Holder of each Bond to be purchased shall tender such Bond for purchase and such Bond shall be 
purchased or deemed purchased pursuant to the Indenture at the applicable purchase price. 
(ii)  Payment of the applicable purchase price of each such Bond shall be made by 4:30 p.m. 
(New York City time), in the same manner as payment of  interest on the Bonds, to the Owner of record.  DMEAST #42829301 v4 12 
The tendering Direct Participant shall transfer, on the registration books of DTC, the beneficial ownership 
interests in such Bonds tendered for purchase to the account of the Trustee or a Direct Participant acting 
on behalf of the Trustee.  
(iii) The failure to provide the Notice of Mandato ry Tender with respect to any Bond shall not 
affect the validity of the mandatory tender for pur chase of any other Bond with respect to which notice 
was so given.  Any notice mailed (or given to DTC in accordance with the Letter of Representations) will 
be conclusively presumed to have been given, whet her or not actually received by any Holder, Direct 
Participant or Beneficial Owner. 
The Indenture contemplates that the Company will  retain a Remarketing Agent, and that the 
Remarketing Agent will attempt to remarket the Bonds on the Mandatory Purchase Date or Conversion 
Date, as applicable. In the event that the Remarketing Agent is unable to remarket the Bonds, the 
Company will be obligated to pay the applicable pur chase price of the Bonds on the Mandatory Purchase 
Date or Conversion Date, as applicable.  No Letter of Credit or other credit or liquidity facility will be 
provided to support the payment of the purchase price on the Mandatory Purchase Date or Conversion 
Date, as applicable, for the Bonds. 
No Additional Bonds 
No additional bonds or series of bonds may be issued under the Indenture. 
DTC AND THE BOOK–ENTRY SYSTEM 
The following information about DTC and the book-entry only system applicable to the Bonds 
has been supplied by DTC.  None of the Issuer, the Company, the Underwriters (as defined below), the 
Trustee or the Paying Agent makes any representations , warranties or guarantees with respect to its 
accuracy or completeness. 
The Depository Trust Company (“DTC”), New Yo rk, New York, will act as securities depository 
for the Bonds.  The Bonds will be issued as fully -registered securities registered in the name of 
CEDE & Co. (DTC’s partnership nominee) or such ot her name as may be requested by an authorized 
representative of DTC.  One fully-registered Bond certificate will be issued for the Bonds in the aggregate 
principal amount of the issue and will be deposited with the Trustee as custodian for DTC.   
DTC, the world’s largest securities depository, is a limited-purpose trust company organized 
under the New York Banking Law, a “banking organization” within the meaning of the New York 
Banking Law, a member of the Federal Reserve System , a “clearing corporation” within the meaning of 
the New York Uniform Commercial Code, and a “clearing agency” registered pursuant to the provisions 
of Section 17A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. DTC holds and provides asset servicing for over 
3.5 million issues of U.S. and non-U.S. equity issues, corporate and municipal debt issues, and money 
market instruments (from over 100 countries) that DTC’s participants (“Direct Participants”) deposit with 
DTC. DTC also facilitates the post-trade settlemen t among Direct Participants of sales and other 
securities transactions in deposited securities, through electronic computerized book-entry transfers and 
pledges between Direct Participants’ accounts. This eliminates the need for physical movement of 
securities certificates. Direct Participants include bot h U.S. and non-U.S. securities brokers and dealers, 
banks, trust companies, clearing corporations, and ce rtain other organizations.  DTC is a wholly-owned 
subsidiary of The Depository Trust & Clearing Cor poration (“DTCC”).  DTCC is the holding company 
for DTC, National Securities Clearing Corporation and Fixed Income Clearing Corporation, all of which 
are registered clearing agencies.  DTCC is owned by th e users of its regulated subsidiaries.  Access to the 
DTC system is also available to others such as both U.S. and non-U.S. securities brokers and dealers, DMEAST #42829301 v4 13 
banks, trust companies, and clearing corporations that  clear through or maintain a custodial relationship 
with a Direct Participant, either directly or indir ectly (“Indirect Participants”).  DTC has a Standard & 
Poor’s rating of AA+.  The DTC Rules applicable to its Participants are on file with the Securities and 
Exchange Commission.  More information about DTC can be found at www.dtcc.com. 
Purchases of Bonds under the DTC system must be  made by or through Direct Participants, 
which will receive a credit for the Bonds on DTC’s records.  The ownership interest of each actual 
purchaser of each Bond (“Beneficial Owner”) is in turn to be recorded on the Direct and Indirect 
Participants’ records.  Beneficial Owners will not receive written confirmation from DTC of their 
purchase.  Beneficial Owners are, however, expected to receive written confirmations providing details of 
the transaction, as well as periodic statements of th eir holdings, from the Direct or Indirect Participant 
through which the Beneficial Owner entered into the tr ansaction.  Transfers of ownership interests in the 
Bonds are to be accomplished by entries made on the books of Direct and Indirect Participants acting on 
behalf of Beneficial Owners.  Beneficial Owners w ill not receive certificates representing their ownership 
interests in Bonds, except in the event that use of the book-entry system for the Bonds is discontinued. 
To facilitate subsequent transfers, all Bonds de posited by Direct Participants with DTC are 
registered in the name of DTC’s partnership nom inee, CEDE & Co., or such other name as may be 
requested by an authorized representative of DTC.  The deposit of Bonds with DTC and their registration 
in the name of CEDE & Co. or such other DTC nominee do not effect any change in beneficial 
ownership.  DTC has no knowledge of the actual Benefi cial Owners of the Bonds; DTC’s records reflect 
only the identity of the Direct Participants to whose accounts the Bonds are credited, which may or may 
not be the Beneficial Owners.  The Direct and Indirect Participants will remain responsible for keeping 
account of their holdings on behalf of their customers. 
Conveyance of notices and other communications by DTC to Direct Participants, by Direct 
Participants to Indirect Participants, and by Direct Participants and Indirect Participants to Beneficial 
Owners will be governed by arrangements among them, subject to any statutory or regulatory 
requirements as may be in effect from time to time.  Beneficial Owners of Bonds may wish to take certain 
steps to augment the transmission to them of notices of significant events with respect to the Bonds, such 
as redemptions, tenders, defaults, and proposed amen dments to the Bond documents.  For example, 
Beneficial Owners of Bonds may wish to ascertain that the nominee holding the Bonds for their benefit 
has agreed to obtain and transmit notices to Beneficial Owners. 
Redemption notices shall be sent to DTC.  If l ess than all of the Bonds are being redeemed, 
DTC’s practice is to determine by lot the amount of the interest of each Direct Participant to be redeemed. 
Neither DTC nor CEDE & Co. (nor any other DTC nominee) will consent or vote with respect to 
Bonds unless authorized by a Direct Participant in accordance with DTC’s MMI Procedures.  Under its 
usual procedures, DTC mails an Omnibus Proxy to the Issuer as soon as possible after the record date.  
The Omnibus Proxy assigns CEDE & Co.’s consenting or voting rights to those Direct Participants to 
whose accounts Bonds are credited on the record date (identified in a listing attached to the Omnibus 
Proxy). 
Redemption proceeds, distributions, and inter est payments on the Bonds will be made to 
CEDE & Co., or such other nominee as may be requested by an authorized representative of DTC.  
DTC’s practice is to credit Direct Participants’ accounts upon DTC’s receipt of funds and corresponding 
detail information from the Issuer or the Paying Agent, on payable dates in accordance with their 
respective holdings shown on DTC’s records.  Payments  by Participants to Beneficial Owners will be 
governed by standing instructions and customary pr actices, as is the case with Bonds held for the 
accounts of customers in bearer form or registered in “street name,” and will be the responsibility of such DMEAST #42829301 v4 14 
Participant and not of DTC, the Trustee, the Paying Agent, or the Issuer, subject to any statutory or 
regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time to time.  Payment of redemption proceeds, 
distributions, and interest payments to CEDE & Co. (or such other nominee as may be requested by an 
authorized representative of DTC) is the responsibility of  the Issuer or the Paying Agent, disbursement of 
such payments to Direct Participants will be the responsibility of DTC, and disbursement of such 
payments to the Beneficial Owners will be the responsibility of Direct and Indirect Participants. 
DTC may discontinue providing its services as depository with respect to the Bonds at any time 
by giving reasonable notice to the Issuer or the Payi ng Agent.  Under such circumstances, in the event 
that a successor depository is not obtained, Bond certificates are required to be printed and delivered. 
The Issuer may decide to discontinue use of the system of book-entry-only transfers through DTC 
(or a successor securities depository). In that event, Bond certificates will be printed and delivered to the 
Holders. 
NEITHER THE ISSUER, THE TRUSTEE NOR THE PAYING AGENT WILL HAVE ANY 
RESPONSIBILITY OR OBLIGATION TO ANY DIRECT PARTICIPANT, INDIRECT 
PARTICIPANT OR ANY BENEFICIAL OWNER OR ANY OTHER PERSON NOT SHOWN ON THE 
REGISTER AS BEING A HOLDER WITH RESPECT TO: (1) THE BONDS; (2) THE ACCURACY 
OF ANY RECORDS MAINTAINED BY DTC OR ANY DIRECT PARTICIPANT OR INDIRECT 
PARTICIPANT; (3) THE PAYMENT BY DTC OR ANY DIRECT PARTICIPANT OR INDIRECT 
PARTICIPANT OF ANY AMOUNT DUE TO ANY BENEFICIAL OWNER IN RESPECT OF THE 
PRINCIPAL OR REDEMPTION PRICE OF OR INTEREST ON THE BONDS; (4) THE DELIVERY 
BY ANY DIRECT PARTICIPANT OR INDI RECT PARTICIPANT OF ANY NOTICE TO ANY 
BENEFICIAL OWNER WHICH IS REQUIRED OR PERMITTED UNDER THE TERMS OF THE 
INDENTURE TO BE GIVEN TO HOLDERS; (5) THE SELECTION OF THE BENEFICIAL OWNERS 
TO RECEIVE PAYMENT IN THE EVENT OF A NY PARTIAL REDEMPTION OF THE BONDS; OR 
(6) ANY CONSENT GIVEN OR OTHER ACTION TAKEN BY DTC AS HOLDER. 
THE ISSUER, THE COMPANY, THE TRUSTEE AND PAYING AGENT CANNOT AND DO 
NOT GIVE ANY ASSURANCES THAT THE DIRECT PARTICIPANTS OR THE INDIRECT 
PARTICIPANTS WILL DISTRIBUTE TO THE BENEFICIAL OWNERS OF THE BONDS 
(i) PAYMENTS OF PRINCIPAL OF OR INTER EST ON THE BONDS, (ii) BONDS REPRESENTING 
AN OWNERSHIP INTEREST OR OTHER CONFIRMATION OF BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP 
INTERESTS IN THE BONDS OR (iii) REDEMPTION OR OTHER NOTICES SENT TO DTC OR 
CEDE & CO., ITS NOMINEE, AS THE REGISTERED OWNERS OF THE BONDS, OR THAT THEY 
WILL DO SO ON A TIMELY BASIS OR THAT DTC, DIRECT PARTICIPANTS OR INDIRECT 
PARTICIPANTS WILL SERVE AND ACT IN THE MANNER DESCRIBED IN THIS OFFICIAL 
STATEMENT.  THE CURRENT “RULES” APPLICABLE TO DTC ARE ON FILE WITH THE 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE CURRENT “PROCEDURES” OF DTC 
TO BE FOLLOWED IN DEALING WITH DIRECT PARTICIPANTS ARE ON FILE WITH DTC. 
THE AGREEMENT 
Certain provisions of the Agreement are describe d below.  Reference is made to the Agreement 
for the detailed provisions thereof. 
Installment Payments 
The Company will agree to make installment pa yments (the “Installment Payments”) on each 
date on which any payment of principal or redemption price of, or interest on the Bonds is due, whether at DMEAST #42829301 v4 15 
maturity, upon redemption or acceleration or otherwise.  All such Installment Payments will be paid to the 
Trustee, for the account of the Issuer, and will be in an amount which, together with other moneys held by 
the Trustee under the Indenture and available theref or, will enable the Trustee to make payment of 
principal or redemption price of, or interest on the Bonds to the Holders in full in a timely manner. 
Purchase Price Payments 
The Company has agreed in the Agreement to pay the purchase price of all Bonds upon the 
Mandatory Purchase Date or any Conversion Date, as a pplicable, to the extent remarketing proceeds have 
not been furnished to the Trustee by 11 a.m. New York City time on each such  Mandatory Purchase Date 
or Conversion Date, as applicable (the “Purchase Price Payments”). 
Obligations Unconditional 
The obligation of the Company to make the Installment Payments and the Purchase Price 
Payments required under the Agreement and to perfo rm and observe the other agreements on its part 
contained in the Agreement will be, absolute an d unconditional and the Company will make such 
payments without abatement, diminution or de duction regardless of any cause or circumstance 
whatsoever, including, without limitation, damage, dest ruction or condemnation of the Project Facilities 
(the risk of which shall be borne exclusively by the Company). 
Term of Agreement 
The term of the Agreement will continue until such time as all of the outstanding Bonds are fully 
paid (or provision made for such payment) pursuant to the Indenture and all other sums payable under the 
Agreement are fully paid. 
Tax Covenants 
The Company will represent that it has taken and caused to be taken, and will covenant that it will 
take and cause to be taken, all actions that may be re quired of it, alone or in conjunction with the Issuer, 
for the interest on the Bonds to be and to remain excludable from gross income for federal income tax 
purposes, and will represent that it has not taken or pe rmitted to be taken on its behalf, and will covenant 
that it will not take or permit to be taken on its behalf, any action that would adversely affect such 
excludability under the provisions of the Code. 
The Company will covenant that it will restrict the investment and reinvestment and the use of the 
proceeds of the Bonds in such manner and to such ex tent, if any, as may be necessary so that the Bonds 
will not constitute arbitrage bonds under Section 148 of the Code. 
The Company will covenant that on or before the 90
th day following the date any of the Project 
Facilities are no longer being operated as qualifying exempt facilities under the Code (unless such 
facilities have simply ceased to be operated), or such later date as provided in the Indenture, the Company 
shall cause a related amount of Bonds to be rede emed pursuant to the extraordinary mandatory 
redemption provision of the Bonds described  above under “DESCRIPTION OF THE BONDS – 
Redemption – Extraordinary Mandatory Redemption.” 
Completion of Project Facilities 
The Company will represent that the acquisition, construction, equipping and installation of the 
Project Facilities will be completed and that the pro ceeds of the Bonds, including any investment thereof, DMEAST #42829301 v4 16 
will be expended in accordance with the provisions of  all bond authorizations, security and tax regulatory 
agreements and certificates executed in respect of th e Bonds and in respect of the installation, operation 
and use of the Project Facilities. 
Mergers or Consolidations 
The Company will covenant that it will not merge or consolidate with any other legal entity or 
sell or convey all or substantially all of its assets to any other legal entity, except that the Company may 
merge or consolidate with, or sell or convey all or substantia lly all of its assets to any other legal entity, 
provided that (a) the Company is the continuing legal entity or the succes sor legal entity (if other than the 
Company) is a legal entity organized and existing unde r the laws of the United States of America or a 
state thereof, qualified to do business in the State,  and such legal entity expressly assumes the due and 
punctual payment of the Installment Payments, the Purchase Price Payments and any additional 
payments, and the due and punctual performance and observance of all the cove nants and conditions of 
the Agreement to be performed by the Company (a n “Assumption Agreement”) and (b) the Company or 
such successor legal entity, as the case may be, will not, immediately after such merger or consolidation, 
or such sale or conveyance, be in default in the performance of any such covenant or condition and no 
event which with the lapse of time, the giving of no tice or both would constitute an Event of Default 
under the Agreement has occurred and is continuing. 
The Company will, within 30 days after the execu tion of an Assumption Agreement, furnish to 
the Issuer and the Trustee an executed copy of such Assumption Agreement and the appropriate 
documentation demonstrating that the successor legal entity (if other than the Company) is organized and 
existing under the laws of the United States of America or a state thereof and is qualified to do business in 
the State. 
Upon any such consolidation, merger, sale or conveyance and the assumption by the successor 
legal entity of the obligations under the Agreement and on the Bonds, such successor legal entity will 
succeed to and be substituted for the Company under the Agreement, and the Company will thereupon be 
relieved of any further obligations or liabilities under the Agreement and upon the Bonds and the 
Company as the predecessor legal entity may thereupon or at any time thereafter be dissolved, wound-up 
or liquidated. 
Assignment 
The rights granted to the Company under the Agre ement may be assigned in whole or in part by 
the Company without the necessity of obtaining the consent of the Issuer or the Trustee, provided, among 
other things, that (a) the Company remains primarily li able for all of its obligations under the Agreement, 
including the payment of the Installment Payments , Purchase Price Payments and other payments due 
under the Agreement and for the performance and observance of its other agreements under the 
Agreement, (b) the Company retain s such rights and interests as will permit the Company to perform its 
obligations under the Agreement and (c) any such assignm ent will not materially impair fulfillment of the 
purposes to be accomplished by operation of the Project  Facilities as a project the financing of which is 
permitted under the Act. 
Events of Default 
The following are defined as “Events of Default” under the Agreement: DMEAST #42829301 v4 17 
(a) Failure by the Company to pay any Installment Payment, Purchase Price 
Payment or additional payment on each date on wh ich that Installment Payment, Purchase Price 
Payment or additional payment is due and payable; 
(b) Failure by the Company to observe and perform any other covenant, condition or 
agreement on its part to be observed or perfo rmed under the Agreement (other than certain 
representations, warranties and covenants regarding various matters relating to the tax status of 
the interest on the Bonds) and the continuation of such failure for a period of 60 days after written 
notice of such failure is given to the Company by  the Issuer or the Trustee, or for such longer 
period as the Issuer and the Trustee may agree to in writing; provided that if the failure stated in 
the notice cannot be corrected with in the applicable period, that failure will not constitute an 
Event of Default so long as the Company institute s curative action within the applicable period 
and diligently pursues that action to completion; 
(c) The dissolution or liquidation of the Company or the voluntary initiation by the 
Company of any proceeding under any federal or state law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, 
arrangement, reorganization, readju stment of debt or any other form of debtor relief, or the 
initiation against the Company of any such pr oceeding which shall remain undismissed for 
60 days, or failure by the Company to promptly  have discharged any execution, garnishment or 
attachment of such consequence as would materia lly impair the ability of the Company to carry 
on its operations, or assignment by the Company for the benefit of creditors, or the entry by the 
Company into an agreement of composition with  creditors or the failure generally by the 
Company to pay its debts as they become due; or 
(d) The occurrence of an Event of Default under the Indenture.  See “THE 
INDENTURE – Events of Default and Remedies.” 
Any declaration of default under subparagraph (c ) above and the exercise of remedies upon any 
such declaration will be subject to any applicable  limitations of federal bankruptcy law affecting or 
precluding that declaration or exercise during the pendency of or immediately following any bankruptcy, 
liquidation or reorganization proceedings. 
Remedies 
If any “Event of Default” under the Agreement has happened and is existing, any one or more of 
the following remedial steps may be taken: 
(a) If acceleration of the principal amount of the Bonds has been declared pursuant 
to the Indenture, the Issuer or the Trustee will declare all Installment Payments to be immediately 
due and payable; or 
(b) The Issuer or the Trustee may pursue all remedies now or hereafter existing at 
law or in equity to collect all amounts then due and thereafter to become due under the 
Agreement or to enforce the performance and observance of any other obligation or agreement of 
the Company under those instruments. 
Any amounts collected pursuant to remedial action taken upon the happening of an Event of 
Default (except for amounts payable directly to th e Issuer, the Trustee, the Tender Agent or the 
Remarketing Agent) will be paid into the Bond Fund and applied in accordance with the provisions of the 
Indenture or, if no Bonds are then outstanding and no amounts are then due and payable under the DMEAST #42829301 v4 18 
Indenture, then such amounts will be paid  to the Company.  See “THE INDENTURE ― Events of 
Default and Remedies.” 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Trustee shall not be obligated to spend time or money or 
otherwise incur liability enforcing remedies unless or until satisfactory indemnity has been furnished to 
the Trustee at no cost to it for the reimbursement of all expenses which it may incur and to protect it 
against all liability by reason of the performance of its duties or the exercise of any of its rights or powers, 
except liability which is adjudicated to have resulted from its negligence or willful misconduct. 
Amendments of the Agreement 
The Indenture provides that Exhibit A to the Ag reement, which describes the Project Facilities, 
may be amended or supplemented upon receipt by the Trustee of (a) a certificate from the Company 
describing in detail the proposed ch anges, (b) a copy of the proposed form of amendment or supplement 
to Exhibit A to the Agreement and such other documents, certificates and showings as may be required by 
counsel rendering the opinion in clause (c) of this  paragraph; and (c) an Opinion of Nationally 
Recognized Bond Counsel to the effect that such amendment complies with the requirements of the 
Indenture, is in proper form for execution and deliv ery by the Company and will not adversely affect the 
validity of the Bonds or the exclusion from gross income for federal income tax purposes of the interest 
thereon. 
The Indenture provides that the Issuer and the Trustee may, without the consent of or notice to the 
Holders of the Bonds, consent to any other amendmen t, change or modification of the Agreement as may 
be required (a) by the provisions of the Agreement or the Indenture, (b) for the purpose of curing any 
ambiguity, inconsistency or defect or omission in th e Agreement, (c) to conform the provisions of the 
Agreement to an amendment made to the Indenture,  (d) in connection with any other change therein 
which is not to the prejudice of the Trustee or Holders of the Bonds or (e) to modify, alter, amend or 
supplement the Agreement in any other respect, including amendments described in the next succeeding 
paragraph, if the effective date of such amendmen t is a date on which all Bonds affected thereby are 
subject to mandatory tender for purchase on the Manda tory Purchase Date or Conversion Date or are 
owned or beneficially owned by the Company. 
Except for such amendments, changes or m odifications described in the two preceding 
paragraphs, neither the Issuer nor the Trustee will c onsent to (a) any amendment, change or modification 
of the Agreement which would change the amount or  time as of which the Installment Payments or 
Purchase Price Payments are required to be paid, without the giving of notice as provided in the Indenture 
and the written consent thereto of the Holders of all Bonds then outstanding, or (b) any other amendment, 
change or modification of the Agreement without the giving of notice as provided in the Indenture and the 
written consent thereto of the Holders of not less than  a majority in aggregate principal amount of the 
Bonds then outstanding. 
THE INDENTURE 
Certain provisions of the Indenture are described be low.  Reference is made to the Indenture for 
the detailed provisions thereof. 
Application of Bond Proceeds 
The proceeds from the sale of the Bonds will be deposited in the Project Fund created under the 
Indenture.  The Trustee will, from time to time upon receipt of a disbursement request from the Company, 
disburse funds from the Project Fund to pay, or to re imburse the Company for its payment of, costs of the DMEAST #42829301 v4 19 
acquisition, construction, installati on or equipping of the Project Facilities.  Disbursements will be made 
from the Project Fund only to reimburse or pay the Company, or any person designated by the Company, 
for (a) costs incurred directly or indirectly for or  in connection with the acquisition, construction, 
equipping and installation of the Project Facilities, in cluding, without limitation, costs incurred in respect 
of the Project Facilities for preliminary planning and studies; architectural, legal, engineering, surveying, 
accounting, consulting, supe rvisory and other services; labor, servi ces and materials; and recording of 
documents and title work;  (b) subject to the limitations set forth in the Code, financial, legal, accounting, 
printing and engraving fees, charges and expenses, and all other such fees, charges and expenses incurred 
in connection with the authorization, sale, issuance and delivery of the Bonds; or (c) any other costs, 
expenses, fees and charges properly chargeable to the cost of the acqui sition, construction, equipping or 
installation of the Project Facilities, including interest on the Bonds prior to the time the Project Facilities 
are placed in service, and that otherwise comply with the Company’s representations, warranties and 
covenants under the Agreement.  
As soon as practicable after the filing by the Comp any with the Trustee of a certificate stating the 
date that the acquisition, construc tion, equipping and installation of the Project Facilities have been 
substantially completed, and in any event within 90 cal endar days of such date, any balance remaining in 
the Project Fund (other than the amounts retained as described in such certificate), as directed by the 
Company, will be transferred or disbursed, at the written direction of the Company, in accordance with 
Section 1.142-2 of the Federal Income Tax Regulations  or any successor thereto, which generally require 
that a portion of the Bonds be redeemed, or defeased to the first call date (with appropriate notice to the 
Internal Revenue Service), within 90 calendar days of the earlier of (i) the date on which the Company 
determines that the Project Facilities will not be completed or (ii) the date on which the Project Facilities 
are placed in service.  If an Event of Default occurs under the Agreement prior to the filing by the 
Company with the Trustee of the completion certifi cate and moneys remain in the Project Fund, the 
Trustee will transfer such moneys to the Bond Fund. 
Deposit and Use of Moneys in Bond Fund 
All Installment Payments will be deposited in th e Bond Fund created under the Indenture, to be 
used for the payment of principal or redemption price of, and interest on the Bonds as they become due on 
the Maturity Date or by redemption. 
Investments 
Moneys in the Project Fund, Bond Fund and Rebate Fund created under the Indenture will be 
invested and reinvested by the Trustee, at the written direction of the Company, in any Eligible 
Investments (as defined in the Indenture). The Trustee shall not be held liable for the selection of Eligible 
Investments, for determining whether an investment constitutes an Eligible Investment or by reason of 
any insufficiency in resulting from any loss on any investment included therein. In addition, the Trustee 
shall not have any liability in respect of losses incu rred as a result of the liqui dation of any investment 
prior to its stated maturity or the failure by any party to provide timely written investment direction. 
Events of Default and Remedies 
Any of the following will be an “Event of Default” under the Indenture: 
(a) Payment of any interest on any Bond is  not made on the date when such interest 
has become due and payable; DMEAST #42829301 v4 20 
(b) Payment of the principal or redemption price of, any Bond is not made on the 
date when such principal or redemption price has become due and payable, whether at stated 
maturity, by redemption, by acceleration or otherwise; 
(c) Payment of the purchase price for any Bond is not made on the date when such 
payments have become due and payable; 
(d) Failure by the Issuer to observe or perform any other covenant, agreement or 
obligation contained in the Indenture or in the Bonds, which failure has continued for a period of 
60 calendar days after written notice by registered or certified mail to the Issuer and the Company 
specifying the failure and requiring the same to be remedied, which notice may be given by the 
Trustee in its discretion and which notice must be  given by the Trustee at the written request of 
the Holders of not less than 25% in aggregate principal amount of the Bonds then outstanding; or 
(e) The occurrence and continuance of an Event of Default under the Agreement.  
See “THE AGREEMENT ― Events of Default” and “―Remedies.” 
Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default (other than as described in clause (d) above), the 
Trustee may, and, upon written request of the Holders of not less than 25% in aggregate principal amount 
of the Bonds then outstanding, must, by a notice in writing delivered to the Issuer and the Company, 
declare the principal of and accrued interest on all outstanding Bonds to be due and payable immediately.  
Upon that declaration, that principal and interest will become and be due and payable immediately. 
If at any time after declaration of acceleration and pr ior to the entry of a ju dgment in a court for 
enforcement under the Indenture (after an opportunity for hearing by the Issuer and the Company), (a) all 
sums payable under the Indenture (except the principa l of and interest on Bonds which have not reached 
their stated maturity dates but which are due and payable solely by reason of that declaration of 
acceleration), plus interest to the extent permitted by law on any overdue installments of interest at the 
rate borne by the Bonds in respect of which the defau lt has occurred, have been duly paid or provided for 
by deposit with the Trustee or the Paying Agent and (b ) all existing Events of De fault have been cured, 
then, and in every case, the Trustee will waive the Event of Default and its consequences and will rescind 
and annul that declaration. 
Whether or not principal of the Bonds has been  accelerated, upon the occurrence and continuance 
of an Event of Default, the Trustee may, and if requ ested to do so by the Ho lders of at least 25% in 
aggregate principal amount of the Bonds then outstan ding and if indemnified as provided in the Indenture 
will, pursue any available remedy to enforce the paymen t of principal or redemption price of, and interest 
on the Bonds or the observance and performance of any other covenant, agreement or obligation 
contained in the Indenture, the Agreement or an y other instrument providing security, directly or 
indirectly, for the Bonds. 
The Trustee will also be empowered to enfor ce the rights granted to the Issuer under the 
Agreement, except the Unassigned Issuer’s Rights. 
The Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of outstanding Bonds will have the right 
at any time to direct, in writing, the method and place of conducting all proceedings to be taken in 
connection with the enforcement of the terms and c onditions of the Indenture or any other proceeding 
under the Indenture, provided that such direction will not be otherwise than in accordance with the 
provisions of law and the Indenture, that the Trustee is  indemnified to its satisfaction and that the Trustee 
may take any other action which it deems to be proper and which is not inconsistent with such direction. DMEAST #42829301 v4 21 
The Trustee may in its discretion waive any Event of Default under the Indenture and its 
consequences and rescind and annul any declaration of maturity of principal of the Bonds, and is required 
to do so upon the written request of the Holders of (a) at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of 
all Bonds then outstanding in respect of which an Event of Default exists in the payment of principal, 
redemption price or interest on such Bonds or (b) at  least 25% in aggregate principal amount of all Bonds 
then outstanding in case of any othe r Event of Default; provided, howeve r, that there will not be waived 
any Event of Default respecting the nonpayment, when  due, of principal or redemption price or purchase 
price of, or interest on, the Bonds as already describ ed or any declaration of acceleration in connection 
therewith rescinded or annulled, unless, at the time of  such waiver or rescission and annulment, payments 
of the amounts provided in the Indenture for waiver and rescission and annulment in connection with 
acceleration of maturity have been made or provided for. 
All moneys received by the Trustee from remedial action taken will be applied to the payment of 
any fees and expenses of the Trustee (including, but  not limited to, reasonable attorneys’ fees and 
expenses) and any costs, expenses, liabilities and adva nces paid, incurred or made by the Trustee in the 
collection of such moneys, and the balance of such  moneys will be deposited in the Bond Fund and 
applied to the payment of the principal or redemptio n price of, and interest on the Bonds in the manner 
and in the order of priority set forth in the Indenture. 
No Holder of any Bond will have any right to institute any suit, action or proceeding for the 
enforcement of the Indenture, for the execution of an y trust under the Indenture or for the exercise of any 
other remedy under the Indenture, unless (a) an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing of which 
the Trustee has been notified or is deemed to have notice, (b) the Holders of at least 25% in aggregate 
principal amount of the Bonds then outstanding ha ve made written request to the Trustee and have 
afforded the Trustee reasonable opportunity to proceed to exercise the remedies, rights and powers 
provided in the Indenture or to institute such action,  suit or proceeding in its own name and have offered 
to the Trustee indemnity as provided for in the Inde nture and (c) the Trustee thereafter has failed or 
refused to exercise its remedies, rights and powers under the Indenture or to institute such suit, action or 
proceeding in its own name. 
No Holders of the Bonds have any right to affect , disturb or prejudice in any manner whatsoever 
the security or benefit of the Indenture by their action,  or to enforce, except in the manner provided in the 
Indenture, any remedy, right or power under the Inde nture.  Any suit, action or proceedings must be 
instituted, had and maintained in the manner provided in the Indenture for the benefit of the Holders of all 
then outstanding Bonds.  
Supplemental Indentures 
The Issuer and the Trustee may enter into supp lemental indentures which are not inconsistent 
with the terms and provisions of the Indenture, without the consent of or notice to any of the Holders of 
the Bonds, for any one or more of the following pur poses: (a) to cure any ambiguity, inconsistency or 
defect or omission in the Indenture; (b) to grant to or confer upon the Trustee for the benefit of the 
Holders of the Bonds any additional rights, remedies, pow ers or authority that lawfully may be granted to 
or conferred upon the Holders of the Bonds or the Trustee; (c) to assign additional revenues under the 
Indenture; (d) to accept additional security and inst ruments and documents of further assurance with 
respect to the Project Facilities; (e) to add to the c ovenants, agreements and ob ligations of the Issuer 
contained in the Indenture, other c ovenants, agreements and obligations  to be observed for the protection 
of the Holders of the Bonds or to surrender or limit any right, power or authority reserved to or conferred 
upon the Issuer in the Indenture; (f) to evidence any succession to the Issuer and the assumption by its 
successor of the covenants, agreements and obligations  of the Issuer contained in the Indenture, the 
Agreement and the Bonds; (g) to f acilitate the transfer of Bonds from one securities depository to another DMEAST #42829301 v4 22 
and the succession of securities depositories, or the withdrawal from a securities depository of Bonds held 
in a book-entry system and the issuance of replacement  Bonds in fully registered form to persons other 
than a securities depository; (h) to permit the Trustee to comply with any obligations imposed upon it by 
law; (i) to specify further the duties and responsibiliti es of, and define further the relationship among, the 
Trustee, the Registrar or the Paying Agent; (j) to achieve compliance of the Indenture or the Bonds with 
any applicable law; (k) to permit any other amendment which, as set forth in an opinion of counsel 
delivered to the Trustee, is not to the prejudice of th e Trustee or to the Holders; (l) to make amendments 
to the provisions of the Indenture relating to arbitrage matters under the Code, if, in the Opinion of 
Nationally Recognized Bond Counsel, those amendments would not cause the interest on the Bonds 
outstanding to become includable in gross income for federal income tax purposes, which amendments 
may, among other things, change the responsibility fo r making the relevant calculations; (m) to conform 
the provisions of the Indenture to any amendments made to the Agreement; and (n) to modify, alter, 
amend or supplement the Indenture in any other respect, including amendments which would otherwise 
require the consent of the Holders of not less than a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Bonds 
then outstanding, if the effective date of such modification, alteration, amendment or supplement to the 
Indenture is the Mandatory Purchase Date, a Conversi on Date or a date on which all Bonds affected 
thereby are owned or beneficially owned by the Company.  
Exclusive of supplemental indentures for the aforesaid purposes, the consent of the Holders of not 
less than a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Bonds then outstanding will be required to 
approve any indenture supplementing the Indenture, provided that (a) without the consent of the Holder of 
each Bond so affected, no supplemental indenture will permit an extension of the maturity of the 
principal, redemption price or purchase price of, or the interest on, any Bond, or a reduction in the 
principal amount or purchase price of any Bond or the rate of interest on any Bond, and (b) without the 
consent of the Holders of all Bonds then outstandi ng, no supplemental indenture will permit the creation 
of a privilege or priority of any Bond or Bonds over any other Bond or Bonds, or a reduction in the 
aggregate principal amount of Bonds required for consent to a supplemental indenture. 
The consent of the Company is also required for any supplemental indenture. 
The rights and obligations of the Issuer and of the Holders of Bonds, and the terms and provisions 
of the Bonds and the Indenture or any supplemental inde nture, may be modified or altered in any respect 
with the consent of (a) the Issuer, (b) the Holders of all of the Bonds then outstanding, (c) the Trustee and 
(d) the Company, provided the Trust ee shall be entitled to receipt of an opinion of coun sel in any such 
event. 
Discharge of Lien 
The Indenture will be released if the Issuer pa ys or causes to be paid and discharged all 
outstanding Bonds or there otherwise is paid to the Holders of the outstanding Bonds all the principal or 
redemption price of and interest due or to become due on the Bonds and provision also is made for the 
payment of all other sums payable under the Indenture and the Agreement. 
All or any part of any of the Bonds will be deemed  to have been paid and discharged within the 
meaning of the Indenture if: 
(a) (i) the Trustee has received, in trust fo r and irrevocably committed thereto, sufficient 
moneys; or 
(ii) the Trustee has received, in trust for and irrevocably committed thereto, 
noncallable and nonprepayable direct obligations  of (or certain obligations unconditionally DMEAST #42829301 v4 23 
guaranteed by) the United States of America maturing as to principal and interest in such amounts 
and at such times, without further investment or  reinvestment of either the principal amount 
thereof or the interest earnings therefrom, as will insure, together with an y moneys referred to in 
clause (a)(i), in the opinion of a nationally recognized investment bank, appraisal firm or firm of 
independent public accountants, addressed to the Tr ustee and at the expense of the Company, the 
availability of sufficient moneys for the payment of  principal or redemption price of and interest 
on the Bonds deemed to have been paid or dischar ged, at their maturity or designated redemption 
dates, as the case may be, or if default in su ch payment has occurred on any maturity or 
redemption date, then to the date of the tender of such payment, provided that, if any Bonds are to 
be redeemed prior to maturity thereof, notice of such redemption has been duly given or 
irrevocable provision satisfactory to the Trustee has been duly made for the giving of such notice; 
and 
(b) all necessary and proper fees, compensation and expenses of the Trustee pertaining to 
the Bonds with respect to which such deposit is made shall have been paid or the payment thereof 
provided for to the reasonable satisfaction of the Trustee. 
After such discharge, Holders must look only to the deposited moneys and securities for payment 
of debt service on the Bonds. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, any provisions of the Indenture which relate to the payment of the 
principal or redemption price of the Bonds on thei r maturity date or designated redemption dates as 
described in the second preceding paragraph, interest pa yments and dates thereof,  exchange, transfer and 
registration of Bonds, replacement of mutilated, dest royed, lost or stolen Bonds, the safekeeping and 
cancellation of Bonds, nonpresentment of Bonds, the holdi ng of moneys in trust, and repayments to the 
Company from the Bond Fund and the duties of the Trustee and the Registrar in connection with all of the 
foregoing as set forth in the Indenture, will remain in effect and be binding upon the Trustee, the 
Registrar, the Paying Agent, DTC or any successor secu rities depository and the Holders of the Bonds 
notwithstanding the release and discharge of the Indenture. 
The Trustee 
Prior to the occurrence of a default or an Ev ent of Default under the Indenture of which the 
Trustee has been notified or is deemed to have notice and after the cure or waiver of all defaults or Events 
of Default which may have occurred, the Trust ee will undertake to perform only those duties and 
obligations which are set forth specifically in the I ndenture and no other duties or obligations will be 
implied to the Trustee.  The Trustee may, unless acting in bad faith, rely conclusively as to the truth of the 
statements and the correctness of the opinions expressed therein, made in certificates or opinions 
furnished to it which conform to th e requirements of the Indenture.  In case a default or an Event of 
Default has occurred and is continuing of which the Trustee has been notified or is deemed to have notice, 
the Trustee will exercise those rights and powers vested in it by the Indenture, and use the same degree of 
care and skill in their exercise, as a prudent person w ould exercise or use under the circumstances.  The 
Trustee will not be deemed to have notice of an Even t of Default described in clause (d) or (e) under the 
heading “THE INDENTURE ― Events of Default and Remedies” unless a Responsible Officer (as 
defined in the Indenture) of the Trustee has been notified specifically of the default or Event of Default in 
a written instrument or document delivered by the Issu er or the Holders of at least 25% in aggregate 
principal amount of the Bonds then outstanding, or by  the Company, in the case of an Event of Default 
described in such clause (e).  No provision of the Indenture will be construed to relieve the Trustee from 
liability for its own negligent action, its own negligent failure to act or its own willful misconduct. DMEAST #42829301 v4 24 
The Trustee may resign at any time from the trusts created under the Indenture by giving written 
notice of the resignation to the Issuer, the Company, the Registrar and the Paying Agent and by sending 
written notice of the resignation to Holders of the Bonds as their names and addresses appear on the 
Register at the close of business 15 calendar days prio r to sending of such notice.  The resignation will 
take effect upon the appointment of a successor Trustee.   The Trustee may be removed at any time by an 
instrument or document or concurrent instruments or documents in writing delivered to the Trustee, with 
copies thereof sent to the Issuer, th e Registrar, the Paying Agent and the Company, and signed by or on 
behalf of the Holders of not less than a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Bonds then 
outstanding or, if no Event of Default under the Indenture or the Agreement or event which with the 
giving of notice or the passage of time would cause an Event of Default under the Indenture or Agreement 
has occurred and is continuing, by the Company by an instrument or document in writing from the 
Company given to the Trustee, with copies sent to the Issuer, the Registrar and the Paying Agent.  The 
Trustee also may be removed at any time for any breach  of trust or for acting or proceeding in breach of, 
or for failing to act or proceed in accordance with, any provision of the Indenture with respect to the 
duties and obligations of the Trustee by any court of competent jurisdiction upon  the application of the 
Issuer or the Holders of not less than 50% in aggregate principal amount of the Bonds then outstanding 
under the Indenture. 
Any successor Trustee must (a) be a trust comp any or a bank having the powers of a trust 
company, (b) be in good standing within the state of its incorporation or, if incorporated under the laws of 
the United States of America, the state in which its pr incipal office is located, (c) have, or be a wholly 
owned subsidiary of a bank or trust company which bank or trust company has, an unimpaired reported 
capital and surplus of not less than $50,000,000 and (d) be willing to accept the trusteeship under the 
terms and conditions of the Indenture. 
RISK FACTORS 
THE PURCHASE OF THE BONDS IS SUBJECT TO CERTAIN RISKS. EACH PROSPECTIVE 
INVESTOR IN THE BONDS IS ENCOURAGED TO READ THIS OFFICIAL STATEMENT
 IN 
ITS ENTIRETY, INCLUDING ALL APPENDICES HERETO.  
 The following discussion is not meant to be an exhaustive list of the risks and other factors that 
should be considered in connection with the purchase of the Bonds and does not necessarily reflect the 
relative importance of the various risks and other fa ctors. Any one or more of the risks described, and 
others, could adversely affect the Company, and could lead to substantial decre ases in the market value 
and/or the liquidity of the Bonds. There can be no assurance that other risk factors will not become 
material in the future.  
Investors should carefully consider the risk fa ctors set forth below and the risk factors 
incorporated into this Official Statement by reference to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for 
the year ended December 31, 2019 (the “2019 Form  10-K”) and the Company’s Quarterly Reports on 
Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2020, June 30, 2020 and September 30, 2020 (the “2020 
Form 10-Qs”), as well as the other information contained in and incorporated by reference into this 
Official Statement before deciding to invest in the Bonds. The selected risks described below and the risks 
that are incorporated into this Official Statemen t by reference to the 2019 Form 10-K and the 2020 Form 
10-Qs are not the only risks. Additional risks and un certainties not currently known to the Company or 
those the Company currently view s to be immaterial also may materially and adversely affect the 
Company’s business, financial condition or results of operations. Any of the following risks or any of the 
risks described in the 2019 Form 10 -K and the 2020 Form 10-Qs could materially and adversely affect 
the Company’s business, financial condition, operating resu lts or cash flow. In such a case, the trading DMEAST #42829301 v4 25 
price of the Bonds could decline, or the Company may not be able to make payments under the Agreement 
to satisfy the payment of interest and principal on th e Bonds, and investors may lose all or part of their 
original investment. 
Risks Related to the Bonds 
The Bonds may not be a suitable investment. 
An investment in the Bonds involves some degree of risk and should be considered only by 
investors who have adequate experience to evaluate the merits and the risks of the Bonds and who are 
able to bear the risk of loss of all or a portion of th eir investment in the Bonds.  The interest rate borne by 
the Bonds (as compared to prevailing interest rates on bo nds with a higher credit rating such as those that 
constitute general obligations of fi scally sound municipalities) is intended to compensate the investor for 
assuming this element of additional risk.  Prospectiv e investors should carefully examine this Official 
Statement, including the Appendices hereto, and their own financial condition, as well as consult their 
own independent financial advisors, in order to make  a judgment as to their ability to bear the economic 
risk of such an investment, and to determine whethe r or not the Bonds are an appropriate investment for 
them. 
There is not expected to be an active secondary market for the Bonds. 
It is not anticipated that an active secondary ma rket for the Bonds will exist after the Bonds are 
issued.  The Underwriters will not be obligated to repurchase any of the Bonds. The Company does not 
intend to apply for listing of the Bonds on any secur ities exchange or inclusion of the Bonds on any 
automated quotation system. 
 
There is no liquidity facility for the Bonds. 
 
No Letter of Credit or other credit or liquidity facility will be provided to support the payment of 
the Purchase Price on the Mandatory Purchase Date for the Bonds or to  support payment of Installment 
Payments for the Bonds. The funds of the Company are th e sole source of funds that will be used to make 
the Purchase Price Payments on the Bonds on the Manda tory Purchase Date and Installment Payments for 
the Bonds. Such funds may be insufficient to cove r such Purchase Price Pa yments and Installment 
Payments. 
 
The Bonds will be initially held in book-entry form and therefore investors must rely on the procedures 
of DTC to exercise any rights and remedies. 
Unless and until definitive bonds are issued in ex change for book-entry interests in the Bonds, 
owners of the book-entry interests will not be cons idered owners or holders of the Bonds. Instead, a 
nominee of DTC will be the sole holder of the Bonds. 
Payments of amounts owing in respect of the Bonds will be made by the Company to the paying 
agent. The paying agent will, in turn, make such payments to DTC or its nominee, which will distribute 
such payments to participants in accordance with their respective procedures. 
Unlike holders of the Bonds themselves, owners of book-entry interests will not have the direct 
right to act upon solicitations for consents or request s for waivers or other actions from holders of the 
Bonds. Instead, investors owning a book-entry interest will be permitted to act only to the extent they 
have received appropriate proxies to do so from DTC or, if applicable, from a participant. The Company DMEAST #42829301 v4 26 
cannot make assurances that procedures implemented for the granting of such proxies will be sufficient to 
enable an investor to vote on any requested actions on a timely basis. 
The lack of physical certificates could also: 
 result in payment delays because the Trustee will be sending distributions on the Bonds 
to DTC instead of directly to investors; and 
 make it difficult or impossible for investors to pledge certificates if physical certificates 
are required by the party demanding the pledge. 
The Issuer will not grant any lien or mortgage on any project assets or pledge any Issuer assets. 
The Bonds will not be secured by any mortgage or lien on the project financed by the Bonds or 
by any mortgage, lien or claim against, security interest in or pledge of any assets or revenues of the 
Issuer, or by any recourse against any funds or assets of  the Issuer other than the trust estate pledged and 
assigned under the Indenture, which cons ists primarily of the right, title an d interest of the Issuer in the 
Agreement and the funds and accounts created under the Indenture into which the Installment Payments 
are to be deposited.  In evaluating a purchase or potential purchase of Bonds, investors are advised to rely 
on their evaluation of the Company’s ability to meet its obligations under the Agreement. 
Federal and state fraudulent transfer laws may permit a court to void the Bonds, and if that occurs, 
investors may not receive any payments on the Bonds. 
Federal and state fraudulent transfer and conveyan ce statutes may apply to the issuance of the 
Bonds.  In the event of such legal proceedings or other legal proceedings involving the Bonds, a court 
may find under certain factual circumstances legal or equitable principles are applicable in the 
proceeding.  These principles include fraudulent conveyance statutes, the doctrine of equitable 
subordination and other equitable re medies generally, and the court a pplying one or more of these 
principles in the proceeding may have the effect of subordinating or voiding the payment obligations 
under the Bonds and may require that prior payments thereunder be returned to the Company or to a fund 
for the benefit of other creditors. 
Any decline in the ratings of the Bonds or the Company’s credit rating could adversely affect the value 
of the Bonds. 
Any decline in the ratings of the Bonds, the Co mpany’s credit rating or any indications from the 
rating agencies that their ratings on the Bonds or the Company’s credit rating are under surveillance or 
review with possible negative implications could adve rsely affect the value of the Bonds. In addition, a 
ratings downgrade of the Company could adversely affect the Company’s ability to access capital. 
There are limited covenants and protections in the Indenture and the Agreement; consequently, the 
Company may be able to incur substantially more in debtedness, all or a portion of which could be 
secured indebtedness. 
The Indenture and the Agreement do not limit th e amount of unsecured or secured indebtedness 
the Company may issue, and the Company is not pr ohibited under the Indenture and the Agreement from 
granting liens and security interests on its property and assets to lenders other than the Holders in order to 
secure debt. DMEAST #42829301 v4 27 
On May 29, 2020, the Company issued $1.056 billion aggregate principal amount of 12.000% 
senior secured notes due June 1, 2025 (the “Senior Secured Notes”) in a 144A private transaction exempt 
from the registration requirements of the Securities Ac t of 1933, as amended.  The Senior Secured Notes 
are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a senior s ecured basis by all of the Company’s existing and 
future direct and indirect material domestic subsid iaries (other than certain subsidiaries excluded in the 
indenture executed in connection with the offering of the Senior Secured Notes (the ”Notes Indenture”)).  
The Senior Secured Notes and the guarantees thereof are secured by first priority-liens, subject to 
permitted liens, on substantia lly all of the Company’s domestic assets, other than certain excluded assets 
per the terms of the Notes Indenture and exclusive of the collateral required under the Company’s Fifth 
Amended and Restated Credit Facility Agreement dated as of October 25, 2019, among the Company, the 
lenders party thereto, the letter of credit issuing ba nks party thereto, and JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., as 
administrative agent and collateral agent.  The possibility that the lenders of the Senior Secured Notes 
foreclose on their security interests creates a risk that the Company will not be able to pay debt service on 
the Bonds.  There is no guarantee that the Company will not issue additional secured debt in the future. 
The outbreak of COVID-19 and disruptions in the oil and gas industry have had, and are expected to 
continue to have, an adverse impact on the Compan y’s results of operations, financial condition and 
cash flows. 
The global pandemic resulting from the novel co ronavirus designated as COVID-19 has had a 
significant impact on economies, businesses and indivi duals around the world. Efforts by governments 
around the world to contain the virus have involve d, among other things, border closings and other 
significant travel restrictions; mandatory stay-at-home and work-from-home orders in numerous 
countries, including the United States; mandatory business closures; public gathering limitations; and 
prolonged quarantines. These efforts and other gove rnmental, business and individual responses to the 
COVID-19 pandemic have led to significant disruptio ns to commerce, lower consumer demand for goods 
and services and general uncertainty regarding the near-term and long-term impact of the COVID-19 
virus on the domestic and international economy and on public hea lth. These developments and other 
consequences of the outbreak have and could contin ue to materially adversely impact the Company's 
results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.  
The U.S. Department of Homeland Security guidance has identified the Company’s business as a 
critical infrastructure industry, essential to the economic  prosperity, security and continuity of the United 
States. Similarly, in Slovakia, U.S. Steel Kosice was identified by the government as a strategic and 
critical company, essential to economic prosperity, and continues to operate . However, although the 
Company continues to operate, it has experienced and is likely to continue to experience, significant 
reductions in demand. For example, the oil and gas industry, which is one of the Company’s significant 
end markets, has been experiencing a significant amount of disruption and has been experiencing 
oversupply at a time of declining demand, resulting in  a decline in profitability. The Company’s Tubular 
operations (as described in the 2019 Form 10-K a nd the 2020 Form 10-Qs) support the oil and gas 
industry, and therefore the industry's decline has led to a significant decline in demand for the Company’s 
Tubular products. The Company also may experience disruptions to its operations resulting from changes 
in government policy or guidance; quarantines of employees, customers and suppliers in areas affected by 
the outbreak; and closures of businesses or manufacturing  facilities that are critical to its business or its 
supply chain. 
The COVID-19 pandemic could also adversely af fect the Company’s liq uidity and ability to 
access the capital markets. The Company’s credit ra tings were downgraded earlier this year by three 
credit ratings agencies, all citing, among other things , the uncertainty in duration and impact of the 
COVID-19 outbreak on its business. Uncertainty regarding the duration of the COVID-19 pandemic and 
disruptions to the oil and gas industry may, for exam ple, adversely impact the Company’s ability to raise DMEAST #42829301 v4 28 
additional capital, or require additional capital, or require additional reductions in capital expenditures 
that are otherwise needed, to support working capital  or continuation of its "best of both" strategy. 
Additionally, government stimulus programs may not be  available to the Company, its customers, or its 
suppliers, or may prove to be ine ffective. Furthermore, in the event that the impact from the COVID-19 
outbreak causes the Company to be unable to satisfy any of its financial covenants under the agreements 
governing its outstanding indebtedness, the availability of credit facilities may become limited, or it may 
be required to renegotiate such agreements on less favorable terms. For example, based on the most recent 
four quarters as of September 30, 2020, the Company h as not met the fixed charge negative covenant test 
under its Credit Facility Agreement (as described in the 2019 Form 10-K and the 2020 Form 10-Qs), and 
accordingly, the amount available to the Company unde r this facility was reduced by $200 million. In 
addition, since the value of the Company’s inventory and trade accounts receivable less specified reserves 
calculated in accordance with the Credit Facility Agreement do not support the full amount of the facility 
at September 30, 2020, the amount available to the Company under this facility was further reduced by 
$294 million. As of September 30, 2020, the availab ility under the Credit Facility Agreement was $1.006 
billion. If the Company is unable to access additional credit at the levels it requires, or the cost of credit is 
greater than expected, it could materially adversely affect its operating results.  
COVID-19 could negatively affect the Company’s internal controls over financial reporting as a 
portion of its workforce is required to work from home and therefore new processes, procedures, and 
controls could be required to respond to changes in its business environment.  
The Company may be susceptible to increased litigation related to, among other things, the 
financial impacts of the pandemic on its business, its ability to meet contractual obligations due to the 
pandemic, employment practices or policies adopted during the health crisis, or litigation related to 
individuals contracting COVID-19 as result of alleged exposures on Company premises. 
In addition, the COVID-19 outbreak has significantly increased economic and demand 
uncertainty. The current outbreak and continued sp read of COVID-19 has caused a global recession, 
which has had a further material adverse impact on the Company’s results of operations, financial 
condition and cash flows. The full extent to whic h the COVID-19 outbreak will affect the Company’s 
operations, and the steel industry generally, remains highly uncertain and will ultimately depend on future 
developments which cannot be predicted at this time , including, but not limited to, the duration, severity, 
speed and scope of the outbreak, the length of time required for demand to return and normal economic 
and operating conditions to resume. The impact of th e COVID-19 outbreak may also have the effect of 
exacerbating many of the other risks described in Item 1A. "Risk Factors" of the Company’s 2019 Form 
10-K. 
The Company’s Potential Investments in Big River Steel May Not be Fully Successful 
On October 31, 2019, the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, U.S. Steel Holdco 
LLC (“USS Holdco”) acquired a 49.9% interest in  BRS Stock Holdco LLC and in Big River Steel 
Holdings LLC (collectively, “Big River Steel”) through a recapitalization of Big River Steel Holdings 
LLC and has a call option to purchase the remaining 50.1% interest through September 2023 (the “US 
Steel Option”). The Company has been  and is currently evaluating its alternatives with respect to the 
option to acquire the remaining 50.1% of Big River Steel, and it expects to continue to do so. The 
Company could exercise this option at any time, without prior notice. However, there can be no assurance 
as to if or when the Company will exercise the option. 
Should the Company elect to exercise its call option to purchase Big River Steel, a portion of 
their indebtedness may necessitate a refinancing. The option exercise initially would have triggered a 
change of control and/or event of default under certain existing indebtedness of Big River Steel, including DMEAST #42829301 v4 29 
$487 million of its Arkansas Development Finance Authority Industrial Development Revenue Bonds 
(Big River Steel Project), Series 2019 (the “2019 BR S Bonds”) issued in May 2019, which provided the 
holders of the bonds with the right to require th e repurchase of the bonds upon a change of control. 
However, Big River Steel was successful in obtaining  the consent of the holders of the 2019 BRS Bonds 
to an amendment to the Bond Financing Agreement (the “2019 Bond Financing Agreement”) executed in 
connection with the issuance of the 2019 BRS Bonds and related documents to include USS Holdco as a 
permitted holder under the 2019 Bond Financing Agreement.  As a result, the potential exercise of the US 
Steel Option will no longer trigger a change of control with respect to the 2019 BRS Bonds and the 
holders of the 2019 BRS Bonds will no longer have the right to require the repurchase of the 2019 BRS 
Bonds. The Company will not be required to refinance such portion of Big River Steel’s indebtedness at a 
premium should the Company elect to exercise the US Steel Option. 
THE TRUSTEE 
The obligations and duties of the Trustee are d escribed in the Indenture, and the Trustee has 
undertaken only those obligations and duties which ar e expressly set out in the Indenture.  The Trustee 
has not independently passed upon the validity of the Bonds, the sufficiency of the security therefor, the 
adequacy of the provisions for payment thereof or the tax-exempt status of the interest on the Bonds.  The 
Trustee has relied upon the opinion of Kutak Rock LLP,  Bond Counsel (“Bond Counsel”), with respect to 
the validity and tax-exempt status of the interest on the Bonds.  The Indenture expressly provides that the 
Trustee shall not be responsible for any loss or dama ge resulting from any action taken or omitted to be 
taken by it in good faith in reliance upon, and in accordance with, an opinion of counsel. 
Under the terms of the Indenture, the Trust ee is liable only for those damages caused by its 
negligence or willful misconduct.  All notices or ot her instruments required by the Indenture to be 
delivered to the Trustee must be de livered to the designated office of the Trustee.  The summary of the 
Trustee’s rights, duties, obligations and immunities contained herein is not intended to be a complete 
summary, and references must be made to the Indentur e for a complete statement of the Trustee’s rights, 
duties, obligations and immunities. 
TAX MATTERS 
General Federal Tax Law Matters  
Federal tax law contains a num ber of requirements that must be met on a continuing basis 
subsequent to the issuance and delivery of the B onds for interest on the Bonds to be and remain 
excludable from gross income for federal income ta x purposes.  Noncompliance with such requirements 
could cause interest on the Bonds to be included in gross income for federal income tax purposes 
retroactively to the date of issuance of the Bonds .  These requirements include, but are not limited to, 
provisions regarding the proper use of bond proceed s and the facilities financed therewith, prescribing 
yield and other limits within which the proceeds of  the Bonds are to be invested and requiring, under 
certain circumstances, that certain investment earnings on the foregoing be rebated on a periodic basis to 
the Treasury Department of the United States of America.  The Company and the Issuer have covenanted 
to comply with such requirements to the extent applicable. 
Subject to continuing compliance by the Issuer  and the Company with the above-referenced 
covenants, in the opinion of Bond Counsel, to be delivered contemporaneously with the delivery of the 
Bonds, under existing laws, regulations, rulings and judicial decisions, interest on the Bonds is excludable 
from gross income for federal income tax purposes, except for interest on any Bond for any period during 
which such Bond is held by a “substantial user” of the Project Facilities or a “related person” (within the 
meaning of Section 147(a) of the Code); however, such interest on the Bonds is included as an item of tax DMEAST #42829301 v4 30 
preference in computing the federal alternative minimum tax for individuals.  Bond Counsel will express 
no opinion regarding any other federal tax consequences arising with respect to the Bonds. 
In rendering its opinion, Bond Counsel will rely upon certifications of the Company and the 
Issuer with respect to certain mate rial facts within the knowledge of th e Company and the Issuer and will 
assume continuing compliance by the Issuer and the Company with the above-referenced covenants.  
Bond Counsel’s opinion represents its legal judgment based upon its review of the law and the facts that it 
deems relevant to render such opinion and is not a guarantee of a result. 
The accrual or receipt of interest on the Bonds may otherwise affect the federal income tax 
liability of the owners of the Bonds.  The extent of these other tax consequences will depend on such 
owners’ particular tax status and other items of income or deduction.  Bond Counsel will express no 
opinion regarding any such consequences.  Prospective purchasers of the Bonds, particularly purchasers 
that are corporations (including S corporations and foreign corporations operating branches in the United 
States of America), property or casualty insurance companies, banks, thrifts or other financial institutions, 
certain recipients of social security or railroad re tirement benefits, taxpayers entitled to claim the earned 
income credit, taxpayers entitled to claim the refundable credit in Section 36B of the Code for coverage 
under a qualified health plan or taxpayers who may be deemed to have incurred or continued indebtedness 
to purchase or carry tax-exempt obligations, should cons ult their tax advisors prior to any purchase of the 
Bonds as to the tax consequences of purchasing or owning the Bonds. 
The proposed form of the opinion of Bond Counsel is attached hereto as Appendix B. 
Backup Withholding 
 
As a result of the enactment of the Tax Increase Prevention and Reconciliation Act of 2005, 
interest on tax-exempt obligations such as the Bond s is subject to information reporting in a manner 
similar to interest paid on taxable obligations.  Backup withholding may be imposed on payments to any 
owner of the Bonds that fails to provide certain required information including an accurate taxpayer 
identification number to any person required to collect  such information pursuant to Section 6049 of the 
Code.  The reporting requirement does not in and of itsel f affect or alter the excludability of interest on 
the Bonds from gross income for federal income ta x purposes or any other federal tax consequence of 
purchasing, holding or selling tax-exempt obligations. 
 
Changes in Federal Tax Law 
From time to time, there are legislative proposals in the Congress that, if enacted, could alter or 
amend the federal tax matters referred to under th is heading “TAX MATTERS” or adversely affect the 
market value and liquidity of the Bonds.  It cannot be predicted whether or in what form any such 
proposal might be enacted or whether if enacted it w ould apply to bonds issued prior to enactment.  In 
addition, regulatory actions are from time to time a nnounced or proposed and litigation is threatened or 
commenced which, if implemented or concluded in a particular manner, could adversely affect the market 
value and liquidity of the Bonds.  It cannot be pr edicted whether any such regulatory action will be 
implemented, how any particular litigation or judicial action will be resolved, or whether the Bonds or the 
market value or liquidity thereof would be impacted thereby.  Prospective purchasers of the Bonds should 
consult their tax advisors prior to any purchase of  the Bonds regarding an y pending or proposed 
legislation, regulatory initiatives or  litigation.  The opinions to be expressed by Bond Counsel are based 
on existing legislation and regulations  as interpreted by relevant judicial and regulatory authorities as of 
the date of issuance and delivery of the Bonds, and Bond Counsel will express no opinion as of any date 
subsequent thereto or with respect to any pending legislation, regulatory initiatives or litigation. 
 DMEAST #42829301 v4 31 
Internal Revenue Service Audits 
 
The Internal Revenue Service has an ongoing pr ogram of auditing tax-exempt obligations to 
determine whether, in the view of the Internal Revenue Service, interest on such tax-exempt obligations is 
included in gross income for federal income tax pur poses.  It cannot be predicted whether or not the 
Internal Revenue Service will commence an audit of the Bonds.  If an audit is commenced, under current 
procedures the Internal Revenue Service may treat the Issuer as a taxpayer, and the registered owners of 
the Bonds may have no right to participate in such  procedure.  The commencement of an audit could 
adversely affect the market value and liquidity of the Bonds until the audit is concluded, regardless of the 
ultimate outcome. 
PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS OF THE BONDS ARE ADVISED TO CONSULT THEIR 
OWN TAX ADVISORS PRIOR TO ANY PURCHASE OF THE BONDS AS TO THE IMPACT 
OF FEDERAL TAX LAW UPON THEIR ACQUISITION, HOLDING OR DISPOSITION OF 
THE BONDS. 
 
State Tax Law Matters 
 
In the opinion of Bond Counsel, to be delivered  contemporaneously with the delivery of the 
Bonds, under existing laws, regulations, rulings and judicial decisions, the Bonds and the income 
therefrom are exempt from all taxation in the State of  Alabama.  Ownership of the Bonds may result in 
other state and local tax consequences to certain  taxpayers.  Bond Counsel will express no opinion 
regarding any such state and local tax conse quences arising with respect to the Bonds.  PROSPECTIVE 
PURCHASERS OF THE BONDS SHOULD CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX ADVISORS 
REGARDING THE APPLICABILITY OF ANY SUCH STATE AND LOCAL TAXES. 
 
LEGAL MATTERS 
Certain legal matters incident to the authoriza tion and issuance of the Bo nds are subject to the 
approving legal opinion of Kutak Rock LLP, Bond C ounsel, who has been retain ed by, and acts as Bond 
Counsel to, the Company.  In its capacity as Bond C ounsel, Kutak Rock LLP has not been retained or 
consulted on disclosure matters and has not undertaken to review or verify the accuracy, completeness or 
sufficiency of this Official Statement or other offering material relating to the Bonds and assumes no 
responsibility for the statements or in formation contained in or incorporat ed by reference in this Official 
Statement. 
Certain legal matters will be passed upon for th e Underwriters by their counsel, Ballard Spahr 
LLP; for the Issuer by Bradley Arant Boult Cummings LLP; and for the Company by Mark Furry, its 
Associate General Counsel – Corporate and by Burr & Forman LLP. 
NO LITIGATION 
There is no pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened litigation against the 
Company, and there is no pending or, to the knowle dge of the Issuer, threatened litigation against the 
Issuer, that in any way questions or affects the valid ity of the Bonds, or any proceedings or transactions 
relating to their issuance, sale or delivery. 
CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS 
The Company has various banking relationships w ith the Trustee, and the Trustee serves as 
trustee with respect to other obligations of the Company. DMEAST #42829301 v4 32 
The Underwriters and their respective affiliates are full service financial institutions engaged in 
various activities, which may include sales and trading,  commercial and investment banking, advisory, 
investment management, investment research, principal investment, hedging, market making, brokerage 
and other financial and n on-financial activities and services.  Certain of the Underwriters and their 
respective affiliates have provided, and may in the future provide, a variety of these services to the 
Company and to persons and entities with relationships  with the Company, for which they received or 
will receive customary fees and expenses. 
In the ordinary course of their various business activities, the Underwriters and their respective 
affiliates, officers, directors and employees may purchase, sell or hold a broad array of investments and 
actively trade securities, derivatives, loans, commod ities, currencies, credit default swaps and other 
financial instruments for their own account and for the accounts of their customers, and such investment 
and trading activities may involve or relate to assets, securities and/or instruments of the Issuer (directly, 
as collateral securing other obligations or otherwise) and/or persons and entities with relationships with 
the Issuer.  The Underwriters and their affiliates may also communicate independent investment 
recommendations, market color or trading ideas and/or publish or express independent research views in 
respect of such assets, securities or instruments and may at any time hold, or recommend to clients that 
they should acquire, long and/or short positions in such assets, securities and instruments. 
From time to time, Bond Counsel has represented the Underwriters in other unrelated 
transactions, and may do so from time to time in the fu ture.  From time to time, counsel to the Issuer has 
represented the Underwriters and th e Company in other unrelated transactions, and may do so from time 
to time in the future. 
RATINGS 
The Bonds are rated “Caa2” (negative outlook) by Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. (“Moody’s”) 
and “B-” by S&P Global Ratings (“S&P”).  Such ra tings reflect only the view of Moody’s or S&P and 
any explanation of the significance of such ratings must be obtained from Moody’s or S&P. There is no 
assurance that any such rating will cont inue for any given period of time or that it will not be revised or 
withdrawn entirely if, in the judgment of Moody’s or S&P, circumstances so  warrant. A revision, 
suspension, or withdrawal of a rating may have an adverse effect on the market price of the Bonds. 
UNDERWRITING 
The Bonds are being purchased by BofA Securities, Inc., Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Wells 
Fargo Securities, LLC, Barclays Capital Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Fifth Third Securities, Inc., 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and Truist Securities, Inc. (collectively, the “Underwriters”), from the Issuer 
at a purchase price of $62,982,788.11 (equal to the par amount of the Bonds minus the Underwriters’ 
discount of $417,211.89), subject to the terms of a Bond Purchase Agreement entered into among the 
Underwriters, the Company and the Issuer.  The U nderwriters have committed to purchase all of the 
Bonds if any of the Bonds are purchased.  The Bonds ma y be offered and sold to dealers, including the 
Underwriters and dealers acquiring the Bonds for th eir own account or an account managed by them, at 
prices lower than the public offering price.  The obligation of the Underwriters to purchase the Bonds is 
subject to various conditions set forth in the Bond Purchase Agreement.  Pursuant to the Bond Purchase 
Agreement, the Company has agreed to reimburse the Underwriters for certain expenses they incurred in 
connection with the purchase and sale of the Bonds a nd to indemnify the Underwriters against certain 
liabilities to the extent permitted by law. 
BofA Securities, Inc., an underwriter of the Bonds , has entered into a distribution agreement with 
its affiliate Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated (“MLPF&S”).  As part of this DMEAST #42829301 v4 33 
arrangement, BofA Securities, Inc. may distribute securities to MLPF&S, which may in turn distribute 
such securities to investors through the financial a dvisor network of MLPF&S.  As part of this 
arrangement, BofA Securities, Inc. may compensate MLPF&S as a dealer for their selling efforts with 
respect to the Bonds. 
Morgan Stanley, parent company of Morgan St anley & Co. LLC, an underwriter of the Bonds, 
has entered into a retail distribution arrangement with its affiliate Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC.  As 
part of the distribution arrangement, Morgan Stan ley & Co. LLC may distribute municipal securities to 
retail investors through the financial advisor network of  Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC.  As part of 
this arrangement, Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC may compensate Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC for 
its selling efforts with respect to the Bonds. 
Truist Securities, Inc. (“TSI”), an underwriter of  the Bonds, has entered into an agreement (the 
“Distribution Agreement”) with SunTrust Investment Services, Inc. (“STIS”) for the retail distribution of 
certain municipal securities offerings, including the Bonds .   Pursuant to the Distribution Agreement, TSI 
will share a portion of its underwriting or remarketing agent compensation, as applicable, with respect to 
the Bonds with STIS.  TSI and STIS are both subsidiaries of Truist Financial Corporation. 
Wells Fargo Securities is the trade name for certain securities-related capital markets and 
investment banking services of Wells Fargo & Comp any and its subsidiaries, including Wells Fargo 
Securities, LLC, member NYSE, FINRA, NFA, and SIPC.  Wells Fargo Securities, LLC ("WFSLLC"), 
an underwriter of the Bonds, has entered into an ag reement (the “WFA Distribution Agreement”) with its 
affiliate, Wells Fargo Clearing Services, LLC (which uses the trade name “Wells Fargo Advisors”) 
("WFA") for the distribution of certain municipal se curities offerings, including the Bonds. Pursuant to 
the WFA Distribution Agreement, WFSLLC will share a portion of its underwriti ng or remarketing agent 
compensation, as applicable, with respect to the Bonds with WFA. WFSLLC has also entered into an 
agreement (the “WFBNA Distributio n Agreement”) with its affiliate , Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., acting 
through its Municipal Finance Group (“WFBNA”), for the distribution of municipal securities offerings, 
including the Bonds.  Pursuant to the WFBNA Distribution Agreement, WFBNA pays a portion of 
WFSLLC's expenses based on its municipal securities transactions. WFBNA, WFSLLC, and WFA are 
each wholly-owned subsidiaries of Wells Fargo & Company. 
CONTINUING DISCLOSURE 
With respect to the Bonds, the Company will enter into a Continuing Disclosure Agreement dated 
the date of delivery of the Bonds under which th e Company will undertake (the “Undertaking”) for the 
benefit of the Holders and beneficial owners of th e Bonds to provide certain financial information and 
operating data relating to the Company to the Muni cipal Securities Rulemaking Board and to provide 
notice to the Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board of the occurrence of certain enumerated events, 
pursuant to the requirements of Section (b)(5)(i) of  Securities and Exchange Commission Rule 15c2–l2 
(17 C.F.R. § 240.l5c2–12) (the “Rule”).  Reference is  made to the Continuing Disclosure Agreement for 
the detailed provisions thereof.  See “APPENDIX C ― FORM OF CONTINUING DISCLOSURE 
AGREEMENT.” 
A failure by the Company to comply with an Undertaking will not constitute an event of default 
under the Agreement or the Indenture, although any Ho lder or any beneficial owner of the Bonds may 
bring action to compel the Company to comply with its obligations under such Undertaking.  Any such 
failure must be reported in accordance with the Rule and must be considered by any broker, dealer or 
municipal securities dealer before recommending th e purchase or sale of the Bonds in the secondary 
market.  Consequently, such a failure may adversely affect the transferability and liquidity of the Bonds 
and their market price. DMEAST #42829301 v4 34 
In addition, the Company is subject to the info rmational requirements of the Securities Exchange 
Act of 1934, and information about the Company is av ailable as set forth in Appendix A to this Official 
Statement. 
The Issuer has no responsibility to any person with respect to the provision of such information 
about the Company, and, because the Bonds are special  and limited obligations of the Issuer, the annual 
financial information and operating data of the Issuer are not material in connection with the Bonds. 
Separate and apart from the Bonds and the Indiana Bonds, the Company has issued and currently 
has outstanding other bonds which are subject to the Ru le.  Pursuant to its existing continuing disclosure 
agreements with respect to such other bonds, th e Company has covenanted to provide notices of 
occurrence of certain enumerated ev ents.  However, the Company did not timely file notices of (1) rating 
downgrades of certain bonds resulting from a rating downgrade of the Company by Fitch Ratings Inc. 
(“Fitch”) that occurred in 2016, and (2) rating upgrad es of certain bonds resulting from rating upgrades of 
the Company by Fitch that occurred in 2017 and 2018 (these rating changes occurred during periods when 
Fitch was rating the Company on an unsolicited b asis).  The Company posted notices of these rating 
changes on EMMA on October 8, 2019. 
The Company’s failure to timely file notices of rating changes as described above is a violation of 
its contractual continuing disclosure obligations but it  does not constitute an event of default under any of 
its outstanding bonds.  The Company has implemented procedures to facilitate future compliance. 
MISCELLANEOUS 
The foregoing summaries and explanations do not purport to be comprehensive and are expressly 
made subject to the exact provisions of the complete  documents referred to herein.  For details of all 
terms and conditions, prosp ective purchasers are referred to the Agre ement and the Indenture, copies of 
which may be obtained from the Company.  The Appendi ces attached hereto are a part of this Official 
Statement.  Any matters in this Official Statemen t involving matters of opinion, whether or not expressly 
so stated, are intended as such and not as representations of fact. 
This Official Statement has been approved for use by the Issuer and by the Company.  
DMEAST #42829301 v4 A-1 
APPENDIX A 
 
UNITED STATES STEEL CORPORATION 
United States Steel Corporation (the “Company”) is an integrated steel producer of flat-rolled and tubular 
products with major production operations in the Unit ed States and Europe. An integrated steel producer 
uses iron ore and coke as primary raw materials for steel production. The Company has annual raw steel 
production capability of 22.0 million net tons (17.0 m illion tons in the United States and 5.0 million tons 
in Europe). The Company supplies customers thr oughout the world primarily in the automotive, 
construction, consumer (packaging and appliance), electrical, industrial equipment, and energy (oil 
country tubular goods (OCTG) and line pipe) markets. According to the World St eel Association’s latest 
published statistics, in 2018 the Company was the thir d largest steel producer in the United States and the 
twenty-sixth largest steel producer in the world. The Company is also engaged in other business activities 
consisting primarily of railroad services and real  estate operations. The Company is a Delaware 
corporation established in 1901. 
AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
The Company files annual, quarterly and other reports and other information with the SEC.  The SEC 
maintains an Internet site (www.sec.gov) that contains reports and other information regarding issuers 
that file electronically with the SEC, including the Company.  
INCORPORATION OF CERTAIN DOCUMENTS BY REFERENCE 
The following documents filed with the SEC are incorporated herein by reference: 
1. The Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019; 
2. The Company’s Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2020, June 30, 
2020 and September 30, 2020; 
3. The Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K file d and furnished on October 29, 2020 pertaining 
to Item 7.01, including all exhibits filed in connection therewith; and 
4. The Company’s proxy statement for its 2020 annual meeting of stockholders filed pursuant to the 
Exchange Act. 
The prospective financial data disclosed in the Form 8-K filed October 29, 2020, incorporated by 
reference in this document, h as been prepared by, and is the responsibility of, the Company’s 
management. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP has not audite d, reviewed, examined, compiled, or applied 
agreed-upon procedures with respect to the prospective financial data. Accordingly, 
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP does not express an opinion or any other form of assurance with respect 
thereto. 
 
All documents filed by the Company with the SEC purs uant to Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the 
Exchange Act subsequent to the date of this Official  Statement (other than any documents or portions of 
documents not deemed to be filed) and prior to the te rmination of the offering of all of the Bonds covered 
by this Official Statement shall be deemed to be inco rporated by reference in this Appendix A and to be a 
part hereof from the date of filing of such docum ents. Except for Item 7.01 furnished under the Form 8-K 
filed October 29, 2020 (and the corresponding inform ation furnished under Item 9.01 or included as an 
exhibit), the Company is not incorporating by reference any information furnished under Items 2.02, 7.01  
DMEAST #42829301 v4 A-2 
or 8.01 (or corresponding information furnished under Item 9.01 or included as an exhibit) in any past or 
future current report on Form 8-K that the Company files with the SEC, unless otherwise specified in 
such current report. 
 
Any statement contained in a document incorporated or  deemed to be incorporated by reference herein 
will be deemed to be modified or superseded for pur poses of this Official Statement to the extent that a 
statement contained herein or in any subsequently f iled document which is deemed to be incorporated by 
reference herein modifies or supersedes that statement.  Any statement so modified or superseded shall 
not be deemed, except as so modified or superseded, to constitute part of this Official Statement. 
 
The Company will provide without charge to each pers on to whom this Official Statement is delivered, 
upon written or oral request of any such person, a copy of any or all of the documents referred to above 
that have been or may be incorporated by reference in this Appendix A, excluding the exhibits thereto. 
Requests for such copies should be directed to the O ffice of the Corporate Secretary, United States Steel 
Corporation, 600 Grant Street, 18
th Floor, Pittsburgh, Pennsylva nia 15219-2800 (telephone: 412-433-
1121). 
 
RISK FACTORS 
 
Before purchasing the Bonds, investors should carefully  consider the risk factors described in the 
Company’s annual, quarterly and current reports filed with the SEC under the Exchange Act, which are 
incorporated by reference in this Appendix A, toge ther with the other information incorporated by 
reference or provided in this Official Statement in order to evaluate an investment in the Bonds. 
 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
Big River Steel was successful in obtaining the consent of the holders of the 2019 BRS Bonds to an 
amendment to the 2019 Bond Financing Agreement executed in connection with the issuance of the 2019 
BRS Bonds and related documents  to include USS Holdco as a permitted holder under the 2019 Bond 
Financing Agreement.  As a result, the potential exercise of the US Steel Option will no longer trigger a 
change of control with respect to the 2019 BRS Bonds and the holders of the 2019 BRS Bonds will no 
longer have the right to require the repurchase of the 2019 BRS Bonds. The Company will not be required 
to refinance such portion of Big River Steel’s indebtedness at a premium should the Company elect to 
exercise the US Steel Option. 
 
OUTSTANDING USS TAX EXEMPT MUNICIPAL BONDS 
 
As of the date of this Official Statement, the following USS tax exempt municipal bonds are outstanding: 
 
CUSIP* Conduit Issuer 
AMT 
Status 
Bullet 
Maturity 
Interest 
Rate 
Optional 
Redemption 
Issue Size 
($) 
01730PAA7 
Allegheny County IDA, 
Pennsylvania 
Non-AMT 11/01/2024 4.875% Non-callable 59,600,000 
01730PAB5 
Allegheny County IDA, 
Pennsylvania 
Non-AMT 05/01/2030 5.125% Non-callable 33,030,000 
455054AM8 
Indiana Finance 
Authority 
Non-AMT 12/01/2026 6.000% 6/1/2020 @ 100 88,810,000 
017292XG3 
Allegheny County IDA, 
Pennsylvania 
Non-AMT 12/01/2027 6.550% 12/1/2021 @ 100 13,580,000  
DMEAST #42829301 v4 A-3 
017292XF5 
Allegheny County IDA, 
Pennsylvania 
Non-AMT 12/01/2027 6.750% 12/1/2021 @ 100 15,000,000 
118615AF0 
Bucks County IDA, 
Pennsylvania 
Non-AMT 06/01/2026 6.750% 12/1/2021 @ 100 19,460,000 
677656AC4 
Ohio Water 
Development Authority 
Non-AMT 05/01/2029 6.600% 11/1/2021 @ 100 21,800,000 
455054AT3 
Indiana Finance 
Authority 
AMT 08/01/2042 5.750% 8/1/2022 @ 100 29,000,000 
017292XM0 
Allegheny County IDA, 
Pennsylvania 
AMT 08/01/2042 5.750% 8/1/2022 @ 100 24,995,000 
84552TAB8 
Southwestern Illinois 
Development Authority 
AMT 08/01/2042 5.750% 8/1/2022 @ 100 40,000,000 
439241AA8 IDB of City of Hoover 
(Alabama) AMT 10/01/2049 5.75% 10/01/ 2029 @ 100 275,000,000 
Total 620,275,000 
* CUSIP is a registered trademark of American Bankers Association.  The CUSIP numbers set forth herein are provided by 
CUSIP Global Services LLC, managed on behalf of the American Bankers Association by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a 
division of S&P Global Inc.  The CUSIP numbers set forth herein are included solely for convenience and none of the Company, 
the Issuer, the Trustee or the Underwriters make any representation as to the correctness of, nor shall any of them be responsible 
for, the accuracy of the CUSIP numbers set forth herein.  
 [THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]  
DMEAST #42829301 v4 B-1 
APPENDIX B 
 
PROPOSED FORM OF OPINION OF BOND COUNSEL 
Opinion of Kutak Rock LLP, Bond Counsel  
[To be dated the date of the Bonds] 
United States Steel Corporation 
600 Grant Street 
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15219 
$63,400,000 
The Industrial Development Board of the City of Hoover 
Environmental Improvement Revenue Bonds, Series 2020 
(United States Steel Corporation Project) 
(Green Bonds) 
Ladies and Gentlemen: 
We have acted as bond counsel to you in connection with the issuance and sale by The Industrial 
Development Board of the City of Hoover (the “I ssuer”) of its $63,400,000 Environmental Improvement 
Revenue Bonds, Series 2020 (United States Steel Corporation Project) (Green Bonds) (the “Bonds”).  The 
Bonds are being issued pursuant to a Trust Indenture dated as of November 1, 2020 (the “Indenture”) 
between the Issuer and The Bank of New York Mell on Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (the “Trustee”), 
the provisions of Title 11, Chapter 54, Article 4 (S ection 11-54-80, et seq.), Code of Alabama 1975, as 
amended (the “Act”), and a resolution of the Issuer  adopted October 26, 2020 (the “Bond Resolution”).  
Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise de fined shall have the meanings specified in the 
Indenture. 
The proceeds of the Bonds will be used to fina nce or refinance the costs of the acquisition, 
construction, equipping and insta llation of certain solid waste disposal facilities constituting pollution 
control facilities under the Act (the “Project Facilities”).  The Project Facilities will be sold by the Issuer 
to United States Steel Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the “Company”), for use by the Company at 
its Fairfield Works Mill, located in unincorporated Jefferson County, Alabama (t he “County”) within 25 
miles of the City of Hoover, Alabama (the “City”),  pursuant to an Agreement of Sale dated as of 
November 1, 2020 (the “Sale Agreement”) between the Issuer and the Comp any.  The Company has 
agreed under the Sale Agreement to make Installment Pa yments to the Trustee, on behalf of the Issuer, 
sufficient to pay the principal or redemption price of , and interest on, the Bonds on each date on which 
any payment of principal, redemption price or interest on the Bonds becomes due. 
The Bonds are issuable as fully registered Bonds in denominations of $5,000 and any integral 
multiple thereof, are dated the date hereof, mature on November 1, 2050, bear interest as determined from 
time to time in the manner set forth in the Bonds and the Indenture and are subject to mandatory tender 
for purchase, redemption prior to maturity and purchase in lieu of redemption at the times, in the manner 
and upon the terms and conditions set forth in the Bonds and the Indenture.  
DMEAST #42829301 v4 B-2 
In connection with the issuance of the Bonds, we have examined the following: 
1. The Act and such other laws as we  deem relevant to this opinion. 
2. Certified copies of proceedings of the bo ard of directors of the Issuer, preliminary 
to and in connection with the issuance of the Bonds, authorizing, among other things, the 
following: 
(a) The execution and delivery of the Indenture. 
(b) The execution and delivery of the Sale Agreement. 
(c) The execution and delivery of the Tax Regulatory Agreement (the “Tax 
Agreement”), dated the date hereof, between the Issuer and the Company. 
(d) The issuance, sale and delivery of the Bonds. 
3 Evidence of the approval of the Project Facilities and the Bonds by the County 
Commission of the County and the Mayor of the City. 
4. Evidence of sufficient allocation of Alabama state volume cap to the Bonds. 
5. Executed counterparts of the Indenture, the Sale Agreement and the Tax 
Agreement. 
6. The form of bond prescribed for said issue. 
7. Certifications of the Company with r espect to certain material facts regarding 
qualification of the Project Facilities as solid waste disposal facilities within the meaning of 
Section 142(a)(6) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), and 
regulations proposed or promulgated thereunder as of the date hereof. 
8. The opinion of even date herewith of Bradley Arant Boult Cummings LLP, counsel 
for the Issuer, delivered concurrently with this opinion. 
9. The opinion of even date herewith of Mark Furry, Associate General Counsel – 
Corporate of the Company, delivered concurrently with this opinion. 
10. The opinion of even date herewith of Burr & Forman LLP, Alabama counsel for 
the Company, delivered concurrently with this opinion. 
11. Such other matters and documents as we deem necessary for purposes of this 
opinion. 
We have assumed the accuracy and truthfulness of all public records and of all certifications, 
documents, written opinions and other proceedings pr ovided to us, the authen ticity of all documents 
submitted to us as originals, the genuineness of all si gnatures appearing on documents we have examined, 
the conformity to the originals of all documents su bmitted to us as certified or photostatic copies and the 
legal capacity of natural persons executing all executed documents. 
As to questions of fact material to our opinions, we have relied upon the certified proceedings and 
other certifications of public officials furnished to us and certain representatio ns and covenants made by  
DMEAST #42829301 v4 B-3 
the Company and the Issuer in the Sale Agreemen t, the Indenture and the Tax Agreement, without 
undertaking to verify any of the foregoing by independent investigation. 
From such examination, we are of the opinion that, under existing laws, regulations, rulings and 
judicial decisions: 
1. The Issuer is a public corporation duly organized and existing under the laws of the State 
of Alabama (the “State”).  The Issuer has the power and authority under the Act to issue the Bonds, to 
enter into the Indenture and the Sale Agreement, to apply the proceeds of the Bonds in the manner 
described in the Indenture and to pledge and assign to the Trustee the Pledged Receipts pursuant to the 
Indenture. 
2. The Bonds, in the amount named, have been  validly authorized, executed and issued by 
the Issuer and, subject to the last paragraph he reof, constitute valid and binding special, limited 
obligations of the Issuer payable solely from and secured by the amounts available under the Sale 
Agreement that have been pledged and assigned under the Indenture fo r payment of the Bonds and from 
other amounts and sources of revenues held under the Indenture and pledged therefor.  The Bonds do not 
constitute an indebtedness of the City, the County, the State or any political subdivision thereof within the 
meaning of any State constitutional or statutory provision, nor constitute or give rise to a pecuniary 
liability of the City, the County or the State or a char ge against their general credit or taxing power.  The 
Issuer has no taxing power. 
3. The Indenture, the Sale Agreement and th e Tax Agreement have been duly authorized, 
executed and delivered by the Issuer and, assuming th e due authorization, execution and delivery thereof 
by the Trustee and the Company, as the case may be , constitute valid and binding agreements of the 
Issuer enforceable against the Issuer in accordance with their respec tive terms, subject to the last 
paragraph hereof. 
4. Subject to the assumption and in reliance upon the representations and certifications 
stated below, interest on the Bonds is excludable from gross income for fede ral income tax purposes, 
except for interest on any Bond for any period during wh ich such Bond is held by a “substantial user” of 
the Project Facilities or a “related person” (within the meaning of Section 147(a) of the Code); however, 
such interest on the Bonds is includ ed as an item of tax preference in  computing the federal alternative 
minimum tax for individuals. 
5. The Bonds and the income therefrom are exempt from all taxation in the State.  We 
express no opinion regarding other tax consequences aris ing with respect to the Bonds under the laws of 
the State or any other state or any local jurisdiction. 
The Code imposes certain requirements which must  be met on a continuing basis subsequent to 
the issuance of the Bonds for interest thereon to be  excluded from gross income for federal income tax 
purposes.  In rendering the opinions expressed herein, we have assumed continuing compliance with the 
covenants of the Issuer and the Company in the Sa le Agreement, the Indenture and the Tax Agreement 
pertaining to those sections of the Code which affect  the exclusion from gross income of interest on the 
Bonds for federal income tax purposes and, in a ddition, we have relied upon representations and 
certifications by the Issuer and the Company with r espect to certain material facts within the knowledge 
of the Issuer and the Company, which we have not i ndependently verified.  If the Issuer or the Company 
should fail to comply with such covenants, or if th e representations or certifications relied upon should be 
determined to be inaccurate or incomplete, intere st on the Bonds could become includable in gross 
income for federal income tax purposes retroactively to the date of issuance of the Bonds.  
DMEAST #42829301 v4 B-4 
Although the interest on the Bonds is excluded from gross income for federal income tax 
purposes, the accrual or receipt of interest on the B onds may otherwise affect the federal income tax 
liability of the recipient.  The extent of these ot her tax consequences will depend upon the recipient’s 
particular tax status or other items of income or  deduction.  We express no opinion regarding any such 
consequences. 
We express no opinion herein as to the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of the Official 
Statement relating to the Bonds. 
Our opinions represent our legal judgment based upon our review of the law and the facts that we 
deem relevant to render such opinions  and are not a guarantee of a resu lt.  The opinions expressed herein 
are given as of the date hereof based upon laws, regulati ons, rulings and judicial decisions in effect on the 
date hereof and we assume no obligation to revise or  supplement such opinions to reflect any facts or 
circumstances that may hereafter come to our attenti on or any changes in law that may hereafter occur.  
Each purchaser of the Bonds should consult his, her or  its tax advisor regarding the status of any pending 
or proposed legislation. 
It is to be understood that the rights of the hol ders of the Bonds and the enforceability of the 
Bonds, the Indenture, the Sale Agreement, the Tax Agreement and other related financing documents may 
be subject to bankruptcy, insolven cy, reorganization, receivership, moratorium and other similar laws 
affecting creditors’ rights and remedies heretofore or  hereafter enacted to the extent constitutionally 
applicable and that their enforcement may also be subject to equitable principles and the exercise of 
judicial discretion in appropriate cases. 
Very truly yours,  
DMEAST #42829301 v4 C-1 
APPENDIX C 
 
FORM OF CONTINUING DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT 
This Continuing Disclosure Agreement (this “Agree ment”) is executed and delivered by United 
States Steel Corporation (the “Company”) in consider ation of the issuance and sale of The Industrial 
Development Board of the City of Hoover (Alaba ma) (the “Issuer”) Environmental Improvement 
Revenue Bonds, Series 2020 (United States Steel Cor poration Project) (Green Bonds) (the “Bonds”) in 
the aggregate principal amount of $63,400,000. 
Section 1.  The Company does hereby covenant and agree and enter into a written undertaking 
for the benefit of the Holders and beneficial owne rs of the Bonds required by Section (b)(5)(i) of 
Securities and Exchange Commission Rule 15c2–12 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as 
amended (17 C.F.R. § 240.15c2–l2) (the “Rule”).  Ca pitalized terms used in this Agreement and not 
otherwise defined herein shall have the respective me anings assigned to such terms in the Trust Indenture 
(the “Indenture”) dated as of November 1, 2020 betw een the Issuer and The Bank of New York Mellon 
Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (the “Trustee”).  It being the intention of the Company that there be 
compliance with the Rule, this Agreement shall be construed in accordance with the written interpretative 
guidance and no-action letters published from time to  time by the Securities and Exchange Commission 
and its staff with respect to the Rule. 
Section 2 .  The Company undertakes to provide the following information as provided in this 
Agreement: 
(a) Annual Financial Information; 
(b) Annual Green Bonds Certificate; 
(c) Audited Financial St atements, if any; and 
(d) Material Event Notices. 
Section 3. 
(a) The Company shall, while any Bonds are Outstanding, provide the Annual 
Financial Information on or before the date which is 120 days after the end of each fiscal year of 
the Company (the “Report Date”) to the Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board (the “MSRB”) 
in an electronic format accompanied by identif ying information as prescribed by the MSRB.  The 
Company shall include with each submission of Annual Financial Information a written statement 
to the effect that the Annual Financial Inform ation is the Annual Financ ial Information required 
by this Agreement and that it complies with the applicable requirements of this Agreement and 
that it has been provided to th e MSRB.  If the Company changes its fiscal year, it shall provide 
written notice of the change of fiscal year to th e MSRB.  It shall be sufficient if the Company 
provides to the MSRB any or all of the Annual Fi nancial Information by specific reference to 
documents previously provided to the MSRB or  filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission and, if such a document is a final offi cial statement within the meaning of the Rule, 
available from the MSRB. 
(b) If not provided as part of the Annual Financial Information, the Company shall 
provide the Audited Financial Statements when an d if available while any Bonds are Outstanding 
to the MSRB.  
DMEAST #42829301 v4 C-2 
(c) The Company shall, while any Bonds are Outstanding, provide the Annual Green 
Bonds Certificate on or before the date which is 180 days after the end of each fiscal year of the 
Company, commencing with the fiscal year endi ng December 31, 2021, to the MSRB in an 
electronic format accompanied by identifying information as prescribed by the MSRB.  The 
Company shall include with each submission of  the Annual Green Bonds Certificate a written 
statement to the effect that the Annual Green Bonds Certificate is the Annual Green Bonds 
Certificate required by this Agreement and that it complies with the applicable requirements of 
this Agreement and that it has been provided to the MSRB.  Once the Company has spent all of 
the proceeds of the Bonds, it will submit a final certificate to the MSRB that includes a statement 
that all of the proceeds of the Bonds have been  spent. Thereafter, the Company will no longer be 
obligated to provide the certificate to the MSRB. 
(d) If a Material Event occurs while any Bonds are Outstanding, the Company shall 
provide a Material Event Notice in a timely manner, not in excess of 10 business days after the 
occurrence of the event, to th e MSRB.  Each Material Event Notice shall be so captioned and 
shall prominently state the date, title and CUSIP numbers of the Bonds. 
(e) The Company shall provide in a timely manner to the MSRB notice of any 
failure by the Company while any Bonds are Outstanding to provide to the MSRB Annual 
Financial Information on or before the Report Date. 
(f) Any filing or report under this Agreement may be made solely by transmitting 
such filing or report to the MSRB in an electronic format accompanied by identifying information 
as prescribed by the MSRB. 
Section 4.  The following are the definitions of the capitalized terms used in this Agreement not 
otherwise defined in this Agreement or the Indenture: 
(a) “ Annual Financial Information” means the financial information or operating 
data with respect to the Company, provided at  least annually, of the type incorporated by 
reference under “APPENDIX A ― UNITED STATES STEEL CORPORATION” of the final 
Official Statement dated November 12, 2020 with respect to the Bonds.  The consolidated 
financial statements included in the Annual Financial Information shall be prepared in accordance 
with generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”) as prescribed by the Financial 
Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”).  Such consolidated financia l statements may, but are not 
required to be, Audited Financial Statements. 
(b) “ Annual Green Bonds Certificate ” means a certificate that includes a description 
of the costs of the Project Facilities funded with the Bonds and the amount of Bond proceeds so 
applied and stating to the effect that no chang es have been made to the Project Facilities that 
would reasonably be expected to materially adve rsely affect the environmental benefits of the 
Project Facilities. 
(c) “ Audited Financial Statements ” means the Company’s annual consolidated 
financial statements, prepared in accordan ce with GAAP as prescribed by FASB, which 
consolidated financial statements shall have been  audited by an independent auditor or firm of 
independent auditors as shall be then retained by the Company. 
(d) “ Financial Obligation” means a (i) a debt obligation; (ii) derivative instrument 
entered into in connection with, or pledged as secur ity or a source of payment for, an existing or 
planned debt obligation; or (iii) guarantee of (i) or (ii). The term “Financial Obligation” shall not  
DMEAST #42829301 v4 C-3 
include municipal securities as to which a final o fficial statement has been provided to the MSRB 
consistent with the Rule. 
(e) “ Material Event” means any of the following events with respect to the Bonds: 
1. Principal and interest payment delinquencies; 
2. Nonpayment-related defaults, if material; 
3. Unscheduled draws on debt service reserves reflecting financial 
difficulties; 
4. Unscheduled draws on credit enhancements reflecting financial 
difficulties; 
5. Substitution of credit or liquidity providers, or their failure to perform; 
6. Adverse tax opinions, the issuance by the Internal Revenue Service of 
proposed or final determinations of taxa bility, Notices of Proposed Issue (IRS Form 
5701-TEB) or other material notices or determinations with respect to the tax status of the 
security, or other material events affecting the tax status of the security; 
7. Modifications to rights of security holders, if material; 
8. Bond calls, if material, and tender offers; 
9. Defeasances; 
10. Release, substitution or sale of property securing repayment of the 
securities, if material; 
11. Rating changes; 
12. Bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar event of United States 
Steel Corporation;†   
13. The consummation of a merger, cons olidation or acquisition involving 
United States Steel Corporation or the sale of all or substantially all of the assets of United 
States Steel Corporation, other than in the ordinary course of business, the entry into a 
definitive agreement to undertake such an action or the termination of a definitive agreement 
relating to any such actions, other than pursuant to its terms, if material;  
                                                 
† This event is considered to occur when any of the following occur:  the appointment of a receiver, fiscal agent or 
similar officer for United States Steel Corporation in a proceeding under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code or in any other 
proceeding under state or federal law in which a court or governmental authority has assumed jurisdiction over 
substantially all of the assets or business of United States Steel Corporation, or if such jurisdiction has been assumed 
by leaving the existing governing body and officials or officers in possession but subject to the supervision and 
orders of a court or governmental authority, or the entry of an order confirming a plan of reorganization, 
arrangement or liquidation by a court or governmental authority having supervision or jurisdiction over substantially 
all of the assets or business of United States Steel Corporation.  
DMEAST #42829301 v4 C-4 
14. Appointment of a successor or additional trustee or the change of name 
of a trustee, if material; 
15. The incurrence of Financial Obligation of United States Steel 
Corporation, if material, or agreement to cove nants, events of default, remedies, priority 
rights or other similar terms of a Financial Obliga tion, any of which affect security holders, if 
material; and 
16. Default, event of acceleration, termination event, modification of terms 
or other similar events under a Financial Obligation of United States Steel Corporation, if any 
such event reflects financial difficulties. 
(f) “ Material Event Notice” means electronic notice of a Material Event. 
(g) “ MSRB” means the Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board.  On July 1, 2009, 
the MSRB became the sole repository to which the Company must electronically submit Annual 
Financial Information, Audited Financial Statements, if any, and Material Event Notices pursuant 
to this Agreement.  Reference is made to Securities and Exchange Commission Release No. 34 
59062, December 8, 2008 (the “Release”) relating to the MSRB’s Electronic Municipal Market 
Access (“EMMA”) system for municipal securities disclosure, which became effective on July 1, 
2009.  To the extent applicable to this Agreem ent, the Company shall co mply with the Release 
and with EMMA, as amended or supplemented from time to time. 
Section 5. 
(a) The continuing obligation hereunder of the Company to provide Annual 
Financial Information, the Annual Green Bonds Certificate, Audited Financial Statements, if any, 
and Material Event Notices shall terminate immediately once the Bonds no longer are 
Outstanding.  This Agreement, or any provision hereof, shall be null and void if the Company 
obtains an opinion of nationally recognized bond counsel to the effect that those portions of the 
Rule which require this Agreement, or any su ch provision, are invalid, have been repealed 
retroactively or otherwise do not apply to the Bonds, provided that the Company shall have 
provided notice of such delivery and the cancellation of this Agreement to the MSRB. 
(b) This Agreement may be amended, wit hout the consent of the Bondholders, but 
only upon the Company obtaining and providing to the Trustee an opinion of nationally 
recognized bond counsel to the effect that such am endment, and giving effect thereto, will not 
adversely affect the compliance of this Agreem ent and by the Company with the Rule, provided 
that the Company shall have provided notice of such delivery and of the amendment to the 
MSRB.  Any such amendment shall satisfy, unless otherwise permitted by the Rule, the following 
conditions: 
(i) The amendment may only be made in connection with a change in 
circumstances that arises from a change in legal requirements, change in law or change in 
the identity, nature or status of the Company or type of business conducted; 
(ii) This Agreement, as amended,  would have complied with the 
requirements of the Rule at the time of the primary offering, after taking into account any 
amendments or interpretations of the Rule, as well as any change in circumstances; and  
DMEAST #42829301 v4 C-5 
(iii) The amendment does not materially impair the interests of Bondholders, 
as determined either by parties unaffilia ted with the Company (such as nationally 
recognized bond counsel) or by approving vote of  Bondholders pursuant to the terms of 
the Indenture at the time of the amendment. 
The initial Annual Financial Information after the amendment shall explain, in narrative 
form, the reasons for the amendment and the effect of  the change, if any, in the type of operating 
data or financial information being provided. 
(c) The Company shall not transfer its obligations under the Agreement unless the 
transferee agrees to assume all obligations of the Company hereunder or to execute a continuing 
disclosure undertaking under the Rule. 
Section 6.  Any failure by the Company to perform in  accordance with this Agreement shall not 
constitute an Event of Default with respect to the Bonds.  If the Company fails to comply herewith, any 
Holder or beneficial owner may take such actions  as may be necessary and appropriate, including seeking 
specific performance by court order, to cause the Company to comply with its obligations hereunder. 
Section 7.  This Agreement shall be governed by a nd construed in accordance with the laws of 
the State of New York. 
 
Dated:  ___________ ____, 2020 
UNITED STATES STEEL CORPORATION 
By: ________________________________ 
 Authorized Signatory 
 
Acknowledged this ____ day of_________, 2020 
THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A., as Trustee 
By: __________________________________ 
Authorized Signatory 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 [THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] [THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] [THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 