 
OFFICIAL STATEMENT 
 
NEW ISSUE – BOOK-ENTRY ONLY RATING:  See “Bond Rating” herein 
  
In the opinion of Gilmore & Bell, P.C., Bond Counsel to the Issuer, under existing law and assuming continued compliance with certain requirements of the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”):  (1) the interest on the Series 2023 Bonds is excludable from gross income for federal income tax 
purposes and is not an item of tax preference for purposes of the federal alternative minimum tax ; (2) the interest on the Series 2023 Bonds is exempt from 
income taxation by the State of Kansas; and (3) the Series 2023 Bonds have not been designated as “qualified tax-exempt obligations” within the meaning of 
Code § 265(b)(3). Bond Counsel notes that for tax years beginning after December 31, 2022, interest on the Series 2023 Bonds may be included in adjusted 
financial statement income of applicable corporations for purposes of determining the applicability and amount of the federal corporate alternative minimum 
tax.  See “TAX MATTERS” in this Official Statement. 
 
$5,280,000 
CITY OF OLATHE, KANSAS 
WATER AND SEWER SYSTEM IMPROVEMENT REVENUE BONDS 
SERIES 2023 
 
Dated:  July 11, 2023 Due:  July 1, as shown on the inside cover 
The Water and Sewer System Improvement Revenue Bonds, Series 2023 (the “Series 2023 Bonds”) will be issued by the City 
of Olathe, Kansas (the “Issuer”), as fully registered bonds, without coupons, and, when issued, will be registered in the name 
of Cede & Co., as registered owner and nominee for The Depository Trust Company ( “DTC”), New York, New York.  DTC 
will act as securities depository for the Series 2023 Bonds.  Purchases of the Series 2023 Bonds will be made in book -entry 
form, in the denominations of $5,000 or any integral multiple thereof (the “Authorized Denomination”).  Purchasers will not 
receive certificates representing their interests in Series 2023 Bonds purchased.  So long as Cede & Co. is the registered owner 
of the Series 2023 Bonds, as nominee of DTC, references herein to the Series 2023 Bond owners or registered owners shall 
mean Cede & Co., as aforesaid, and shall not mean the Be neficial Owners (as herein defined) of the Series 2023  Bonds.  
Principal will be payable annually on July 1, beginning in 2024, and semiannual interest will be payable on January 1 and July 
1, beginning on January 1, 2024 (the “Interest Payment Dates”).  The Treasurer of the State of Kansas, Topeka, Kansas, will 
serve as paying agent and bond registrar  (the “Paying Agent” and “Bond Registrar”).  Interest payable on each Series 2023 
Bond shall be paid to the persons who are the registered owners of the Series 2023 Bonds as of the close of business on the 
fifteenth day (whether or not a business day) of the calendar month preceding each interest payment date  by check or draft of 
the Paying Agent mailed to such registered owner, or in the case of an interest payment to a registered owner of $500,000 or 
more in aggregate principal amount of Series 2023 Bonds, by electronic transfer.  So long as DTC or its nominee, Cede & Co., 
is the Owner of the Series 2023 Bonds, such payments will be made directly to DTC.  DTC is expected, in turn, to remit such 
principal and interest to the DTC Participants (herein defined) for subsequent disburs ement to the Beneficial Owners. 
 
The Series 2023 Bonds shall be special obligations of the Issuer payable solely from, and secured as to the payment of principal 
and interest by a pledge of, the Net Revenues derived by the Issuer from the operation of its water and sewer  system (the 
“System”).  THE SERIES 2023 BONDS SHALL NOT BE OR CONSTITUTE A GENERAL OBLIGATION OF THE 
ISSUER, NOR SHALL THEY CONSTITUTE AN INDEBTEDNESS OF THE ISSUER WITHIN THE MEANING OF 
ANY CONSTITUTIONAL, STATUTORY OR CHARTER PROVISION, LIMITATION OR RESTRICTION, AND 
THE TAXING POWER OF THE ISSUER IS NOT PLEDGED TO THE PAYMENT OF THE SERIES 2023 BONDS, 
EITHER AS TO PRINCIPAL OR INTEREST .  See “THE SERIES 2023 BONDS – Security for the Series 2023 Bonds” 
herein.  Under the Bond Resolution, Additional Bonds may be issued by the Issuer on a parity with the Series 2023 Bonds and 
other outstanding Parity Bonds (the Series 2023 Bonds, outstanding Parity Bonds, and any Additional Bonds shall hereinafter 
be referred collectively as the “Bonds” or the “Parity Bonds”). 
 
MATURITY SCHEDULE LISTED ON INSIDE COVER PAGE 
 
The Series 2023 Bonds are offered when, as and if issued by the Issuer, subject to the approval of legality by Gilmore & Bell, 
P.C., Kansas City, Missouri, Bond Counsel to the Issuer.  It is expected that the Series 2023 Bonds will be available for delivery 
through the facilities of DTC in New York, New York, on or about July 11, 2023. 
 
THE COVER PAGE CONTAINS CERTAIN INFORMATION FOR QUICK REFERENCE ONLY.  THE COVER PAGE IS NOT A SUMMARY OF THIS ISSUE.  
INVESTORS MUST READ THE ENTIRE OFFICIAL STATEMENT, INCLUDING ALL APPENDICES ATTACHED HERETO TO OBTAIN INFORMATION 
ESSENTIAL TO THE MAKING OF AN INFORMED INVESTMENT DECISION.  “APPENDIX E – SUMMARY OF FINANCING DOCUMENTS” CONTAINS 
DEFINITIONS USED IN THIS OFFICIAL STATEMENT. 
 
The date of this Official Statement is June 22, 2023. 
 
 
   
 
$5,280,000 
CITY OF OLATHE, KANSAS 
WATER AND SEWER SYSTEM IMPROVEMENT REVENUE BONDS 
SERIES 2023 
 
 
MATURITY SCHEDULE 
 
SERIAL BONDS 
 
Stated 
Maturity 
July 1 
Principal 
Amount 
Annual 
Rate of 
Interest Yield 
CUSIP(1) 
Base: 
679468 
2024  $170,000  5.000% 3.280% F37 
2025  175,000  5.000 3.180 F45 
2026  185,000  5.000 3.030 F52 
2027  190,000  5.000 2.930 F60 
2028  200,000  5.000 2.900 F78 
2029  210,000  5.000 2.880 F86 
2030  225,000  5.000 2.820 F94 
2031  235,000  5.000 2.800 G28 
2032  245,000  4.000 2.890 G36 
2033  255,000  4.000 3.030 G44 
2034  265,000  4.000 3.120 G51 
2035  275,000  4.000 3.270 G69 
2036  285,000  4.000 3.450 G77 
2037  300,000  4.000 3.630 G85 
2038  310,000  4.000 3.740 G93 
2039  325,000  4.000 3.810 H27 
2040  335,000  4.000 3.820 H35 
2041  350,000  4.125 3.860 H43 
2042  365,000  4.250 3.860 H50 
2043  380,000  4.250 3.900 H68 
 
 
(All plus accrued interest, if any) 
 
(1) CUSIP data is provided by CUSIP Global Services, which is managed on behalf of the American Bankers Association by FactSet Research Systems 
Inc., and is included solely for the convenience of the Owners of the Series 2023 Bonds. Neither the Issuer nor the Underwriter shall be responsible 
for the selection or correctness of the CUSIP numbers set forth above. 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
              
 
 IN CONNECTION WITH THIS OFFERING, THE UNDERWRITER MAY OVERALLOT OR EFFECT 
TRANSACTIONS WHICH STABILIZE OR MAINTAIN THE MAR KET PRICES OF THE SERIES 2023  
BONDS AT LEVELS ABOVE THOSE WHICH MIGHT OTHERWISE PREVAIL IN THE OPEN MARKET.  
SUCH STABILIZING, IF COMMENCED, MAY BE DISCONTINUED AT ANY TIME.  
 
 THE SERIES 2023  BONDS HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND 
EXCHANGE COMMISSION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED.  THE SERIES 2023 
BONDS ARE OFFERED PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION WITH THE 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. THE REGISTRATION, QUALIFICATION OR EXEMPTION 
OF THE SERIES 2023  BONDS IN ACC ORDANCE WITH THE APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAW 
PROVISIONS OF THE JURISDICTIONS IN WHICH THESE SECURITIES HAVE BEEN REGISTERED, 
QUALIFIED OR EXEMPTED SHOULD NOT BE REGARDED AS A RECOMMENDATION THEREOF.  
NEITHER THESE JURISDICTIONS NOR ANY OF THEIR AGENCIES HAVE  GUARANTEED OR PASSED 
UPON THE SAFETY OF THE SERIES 2023 BONDS AS AN INVESTMENT, UPON THE PROBABILITY OF 
ANY EARNINGS THEREON OR UPON THE ACCURACY OR ADEQUACY OF THIS OFFICIAL 
STATEMENT.  ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY MAY BE A CRIMINAL OFFENSE.  
 
 THIS OFFICIAL STATEMENT CONTAINS STATEMENTS THAT ARE “FORWARD-LOOKING 
STATEMENTS” AS DEFINED IN THE PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT OF 1995.  
WHEN USED IN THIS OFFICIAL STATEMENT, THE WORDS “ESTIMATE,” “INTEND,” “EXPECT” AND 
SIMILAR EXPRESSIONS ARE INTENDED TO IDENTIFY FORWARD -LOOKING STATEMENTS.  SUCH 
STATEMENTS ARE SUBJECT TO RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES THAT COULD CAUSE ACTUAL 
RESULTS TO DIFFER MATERIALLY FROM THOSE CONTEMPLATED IN SUCH FORWARD -LOOKING 
STATEMENTS.  READERS ARE CAUTIONED NOT TO PLACE UNDUE RELIANCE ON THESE 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS, WHICH SPEAK ONLY AS OF THE DATE HEREOF.  
 
 IN MAKING AN INVESTMENT DECISION INVESTORS MUST RELY ON THEIR OWN 
EXAMINATION OF THE ISSUER AND THE TERMS OF THE OFFERING, INCLUDING THE MERITS AND 
RISKS INVOLVED.   
              
 
  
(i) 
CITY OF OLATHE, KANSAS 
 
City Hall  
100 East Santa Fe,  
Olathe, Kansas 66061 
(913) 971-8000 
 
 
ELECTED OFFICIALS 
 
John Bacon, Mayor 
 
Kevin Gilmore, Mayor Pro Tem and City Council Member (At-Large) 
Robyn Essex, City Council Member (Ward 1) 
Adam Mickelson, City Council Member (Ward 2) 
LeEtta Felter, City Council Member (Ward 3) 
Marge Vogt, City Council Member (Ward 4) 
Wes McCoy, City Council Member (At-Large) 
 
 
ADMINISTRATIVE OFFICERS 
 
CITY MANAGER 
Michael Wilkes 
 
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
Briana Burrichter 
 
CITY CLERK 
Brenda Swearingian 
 
 
CITY ATTORNEY 
Ronald R. Shaver 
 
 
FINANCIAL ADVISOR BOND COUNSEL 
 
Columbia Capital Management, LLC 
Merriam, Kansas 
Gilmore & Bell, P.C., 
Kansas City, Missouri 
 
 
  
CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS 
 
Allen, Gibbs & Houlik, L.C. 
Wichita, Kansas  
(ii) 
 
 
 No dealer, broker, sales person or other person has been authorized by the Issuer or the Underwriter to give 
any information or to make any representations with respect to the Series 2023 Bonds other than those contained in 
this Official Statement, and, if given or made, such other info rmation or representations must not be relied upon as 
having been authorized by any of the foregoing.  This Official Statement does not constitute an offer to sell or the 
solicitation of an offer to buy the Series 2023 Bonds by any person in any jurisdiction in which it is unlawful for such 
person to make such offer, solicitation or sale.  The information  set forth herein concerning the Issuer has been 
furnished by the Issuer and other sources which are believed to be reliable, but such information is not g uaranteed as 
to accuracy or completeness.  The Underwriter has reviewed the information in this Official Statement in accordance 
with, and as a part of, its responsibilities to investors under the Federal Securities Laws as applied to the facts and 
circumstances of this transaction, but the Underwriter does not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of such 
information.  The information and expressions of opinion herein are subject to change without notice and neither the 
delivery of this Official Statement nor any sale made hereunder shall, under any circumstances, create any implication 
that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer since the date hereof.   This Official Statement does not 
constitute a contract between the Issuer or the Underwri ter and any one or more of the purchasers, Owners or 
Beneficial Owners of the Series 2023 Bonds. 
_____________________________________________________________________________________________  
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Page 
 
 
INTRODUCTION.................................................................................................................................................. 1 
THE SERIES 2023 BONDS .................................................................................................................................. 2 
THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY .......................................................................................................... 7 
THE PROJECT ...................................................................................................................................................... 9 
SOURCES AND USES OF FUNDS .................................................................................................................. 10 
THE SYSTEM ..................................................................................................................................................... 10 
RISK FACTORS AND INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS ........................................................................ 21 
BOND RATING .................................................................................................................................................. 24 
ABSENCE OF LITIGATION ............................................................................................................................. 24 
LEGAL MATTERS ............................................................................................................................................. 25 
TAX MATTERS .................................................................................................................................................. 25 
FINANCIAL ADVISOR ..................................................................................................................................... 26 
UNDERWRITING ............................................................................................................................................... 27 
AUTHORIZATION OF OFFICIAL STATEMENT .......................................................................................... 27 
  
APPENDIX A INFORMATION CONCERNING THE ISSUER ............................................................................. A-1  
APPENDIX B FORM OF CONTINUING DISCLOSURE UNDERTAKING ........................................................... B-1  
APPENDIX C FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND REPORT OF INDEPENDENT CERTIFIED  
                           PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS (FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED 12/31/2022) ............................ C-1  
APPENDIX D ESTIMATED SYSTEM REVENUES AND EXPENDITURES – WATER AND SEWER FUND 
(FOR THE FISCALYEAR ENDED (12/31/2023) ................................................................. D-1  
APPENDIX E   SUMMARY OF FINANCING DOCUMENTS  ............................................................................... E-1  
  
 
  (THIS PAGE LEFT BLANK INTENTIONALLY) 
1 
OFFICIAL STATEMENT 
 
 
$5,280,000 
CITY OF OLATHE, KANSAS 
WATER AND SEWER SYSTEM IMPROVEMENT REVENUE BONDS 
SERIES 2023 
 
 
INTRODUCTION 
 
General Matters 
 
 The purpose of this Official Statement is to furnish information relating to the City of Olathe, Kansas (the 
“Issuer” or the “City”), the Issuer ’s water and sewer  system (the “System”) and the Water and Sewer System 
Improvement Revenue Bonds, Series 2023 (the “Series 2023 Bonds”), of the Issuer, dated July 11, 2023 (the “Dated 
Date”). 
 
 The Appendices to this Official Statement are integral parts of this document, to be read in their entirety.  
 
 The Issuer is a municipal corporation duly organized and existing under the laws of the State of Kansas (the 
“State”).  Additional information regarding the Issuer is contained in APPENDIX A to this Official Statement. 
 
 The materials contained on the cover page, in the body and in the Appendices to this Officia l Statement are 
to be read in their entirety.  All financial and other information presented herein has been compiled by the Issuer.  The 
presentation of information herein, including tables of receipts from various taxes, is intended to show recent historic 
information, and is not intended to indicate future or continuing trends in the financial position or other affairs of the 
Issuer.  No representation is made that past experience, as might be shown by such financial or other information, will 
necessarily continue or be repeated in the future.  Except to the extent described under the section captioned “LEGAL 
MATTERS,” Bond Counsel expresses no opinion as to the accuracy or sufficiency of any other information contained 
herein. 
 
Definitions 
 
 Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in “APPENDIX E 
– SUMMARY OF FINANCING DOCUMENTS.” 
 
Continuing Disclosure 
 
 To assist the underwriter with its obligations under Rule 15c2-12 (the “Rule”) of the Securities and Exchange 
Commission and for the benefit of the Beneficial Owners of the Series 2023 Bonds, the Issuer has covenanted in the 
Bond Resolution to comply with a continuing disclosure undertaking, the form of which is attached hereto as 
“APPENDIX B – FORM OF CONTINUING DISCLOSURE UNDERTAKING.” Notwithstanding any other provision 
of the Bond Resolution, a failure of the Issuer to comply with the continuing disclos ure undertaking shall not be 
considered an Event of Default under the Bond Resolution. 
 
The continuing disclosure undertaking requires the Issuer to provide annually certain financial information and 
operating data to the Municipal Securities Rulemaking Bo ard through its Electronic Municipal Market Access 
(“EMMA”) website.  EMMA is an internet-based, online portal for free investor access to municipal bond information, 
including offering documents, event notices, real -time municipal securities trade prices and education resources, 
available at www.emma.msrb.org.  Nothing contained on EMMA relating to the Issuer or the Series 2023 Bonds is 
incorporated by reference in this Official Statement. 
 
The Issuer believes it has complied with its prior undertakings under the Rule for the past five years. 
  
2 
 For more information regarding the continuing disclosure undertaking, see “ APPENDIX B – FORM OF 
CONTINUING DISCLOSURE UNDERTAKING.” 
 
Additional Information 
 
 Additional information regarding the Issuer or the Series 2023  Bonds may be obtained from the Chief 
Financial Officer of the Issuer at the address set forth in the preface to this Official Statement , or from the Financial 
Advisor, Columbia Capital Manageme nt, LLC, 6700 Antioch, Suite 250 , Merriam, Kansas 66204 - Attention:  Jeff 
White or James Prichard (913 -248-8500) or via email at jwhite @columbiacapital.com or 
jprichard@columbiacapital.com. 
 
 
THE SERIES 2023 BONDS 
 
Authority for the Series 2023 Bonds 
 
 The Series 2023 Bonds are being issued pursuant to and in full compliance with the Constitution and statutes 
of the State, including K.S.A. 10-101 to 10-125, inclusive, specifically including K.S.A. 10-620 et seq., and K.S.A. 
10-1201 et seq., as amended and supplemented from time to time (collectively, the “Act”), an ordinance passed by the 
governing body of the Issuer  and a resolution adopted by the governing body of the Issuer on June 20, 20 23 
(collectively, the “Bond Resolution”).  The Issuer has published notice of its intent to issue the Series 2023 Bonds to 
finance a portion of the costs of the Project (as defined herein) and no sufficient protest was filed in opposition thereto 
within the time period provided by the Act. 
 
Security for the Series 2023 Bonds 
 
 The Series 2023 Bonds shall be special obligations of the Issuer payable solely from, and secured as to the 
payment of principal and interest by a pledge of, the Net Revenues derived by the Issuer from the operation of the 
System.  THE SERIES 2023 BONDS SHALL NOT BE OR CONSTITUTE A GENERAL OBLIGATION OF THE 
ISSUER, NOR SHALL THEY CONSTITUTE AN INDEBTEDNESS OF THE ISSUER WITHIN THE MEANING 
OF ANY CONSTITUTIONAL, STATUTORY OR CHARTER PROVISION, LIMITATION OR RESTRICTION, 
AND THE TAXING POWER OF THE ISSUER IS NOT PLEDGED TO THE PAYMENT OF THE SERIES 2023 
BONDS, EITHER AS TO PRINCIPAL OR INTEREST.   
 
 “Net Revenues” means Gross Revenues less Current Expenses. 
 
 “Gross Revenues” means all charges, fees, income and revenues (including interest and investment earnings) 
derived and collected by the City from the operation and ownership of the System including without limitation the System 
Development Charge collected pursuant to Section 13.26 of the Municipal Code of the City, as amended, and any rate, 
fee or charge that succeeds to the System Development Charge, and any amounts deposited in connection with the 
acquisition, construction, remodeling, renovation and equipping of facilit ies to be applied during the period of 
determination to pay debt service on revenue bonds of the System, and net proceeds of any business interruption 
insurance, but excluding any profits or losses on the early extinguishment of debt or on the sale or other disposition, not 
in the ordinary course of business, of investments or fixed or capital assets. 
 
 “Current Expenses ” means all necessary expenses of operation, maintenance and repair of the System, 
including, current maintenance charges, expenses of reasonable upkeep and repairs, properly allocated share of charges 
for insurance, and all other expenses incident to the operation of the System, but shall exclude depreciation and 
amortization charges, interest paid on revenue bonds of the System, all general administrative expenses of the City not 
related to the operation of the System, and the payments into the  Bond Reserve Account provided for in the Bond 
Resolution. 
 
 The Series 2023 Bonds shall stand on a parity and be equally and ratably secured with respect to the payment 
of principal and interest from the Net Revenues and in all other respects with any Parity Bonds. 
 
  
3 
Rate Covenant 
 
 The City will fix, establish, maintain and collect such rates, fees and charges for the use and services furnished 
by or through the System, including all alterations, repairs, extensions, enlargements and improvements thereto hereafter 
constructed or acqu ired by the City, as will produce revenues sufficient to (a) pay the cost of the operation and 
maintenance of the System; (b) pay the principal of and interest on the Series 2023 Bonds and any Parity Bonds as and 
when the same become due at the Maturity thereof or on any Interest Payment Date; (c) enable the City to have in each 
fiscal year Net Revenues in an amount that will be not less than 110% of the Debt Service Requirements required to be 
paid by the City in such fiscal year; and (d) provide reasonable and adequate reserves for the payment of the Series 2023 
Bonds and the Parity Bonds and the interest thereon and for the protection and benefit of the System of the City as 
provided in the Bond Resolution.   
 
Additional Bonds 
 
No Senior Lien Bonds.   In the Bond Resolution, the Issuer covenants and agrees that so long as any of the  
Series 2023 Bonds or Parity Bonds remain Outstanding, the Issuer will not issue any Additional Bonds or other long-
term obligations payable out of the revenues of the System or any part thereof which are superior to the Series 2023 
Bonds or Parity Bonds with respect to the lien on the revenues of the System. 
 
 Parity Bonds .  The Bond Resolution permits the Issuer to issue Additional Bonds or other long -term 
obligations that are secured on a parity with the Series 2023 Bonds and Parity Bonds, with respect to the payment of 
principal and interest from the Net Revenues, upon compliance with certain conditions.  See “APPENDIX E  – 
SUMMARY OF FINANCING DOCUMENTS – The Bond Resolution – Additional Bonds” attached hereto. 
 
 Junior Lien Obligations  and Subordinate Lien Bonds.  The Bond Resolution permits the Issuer to issue 
Additional Bonds or other long -term obligations that are junior and subordinate to the Series 2023 Bonds and Parity 
Bonds. See “APPENDIX E – SUMMARY OF FINANCING DOCUMENTS – The Bond Resolution – Additional 
Bonds” attached hereto. 
 
Description of the Series 2023 Bonds 
 
 The Series 2023  Bonds shall consist of fully registered book-entry-only bonds in an Authorized 
Denomination and shall be numbered in such manner as the Bond Registrar shall determine.  All of the Series 2023 
Bonds shall be dated  as of the Dated Date, shall become due in the amounts on the Stated Maturities, sub ject to 
redemption and payment prior to their Stated Maturities, and shall bear interest at the rates per annum set forth on the 
inside cover page of this Official Statement (computed on the basis of twelve 30 -day months) from the later of the 
Dated Date or the most recent Interest Payment Date to which interest has been paid on the Interest Payment Dates in 
the manner hereinafter set forth. 
 
Designation of Paying Agent and Bond Registrar 
 
 The Issuer will at all times maintain a paying agent and bond registrar meeting the qualifications set forth in 
the Bond Resolution.  The Issuer reserves the right to appoint a successor paying agent or bond registrar.  No 
resignation or removal of the paying agent or bond registrar shall become effective until a successo r has been 
appointed and has accepted the duties of paying agent or bond registrar.  Every paying agent or bond registrar 
appointed by the Issuer shall at all times meet the requirements of Kansas law.  
 
 The Treasurer of the State of Kansas, Topeka, Kansas  (the “Bond Registrar” and “Paying Agent”) has been 
designated by the Issuer as paying agent for the payment of principal of and interest on the Series 2023 Bonds and 
bond registrar with respect to the registration, transfer and exchange of Series 2023 Bonds. 
 
Method and Place of Payment of the Series 2023 Bonds 
 
 The principal of, or Redemption Price, and interest on the Series 2023 Bonds shall be payable in any coin or 
currency which, on the respective dates of payment thereof, is legal tender for the payment of public and private debts.  
The principal or Redemption Price of each Series 2023 Bond shall be paid at Maturity to the Person in whose name  
4 
such Series 2023 Bond is registered on the Bond Register at the Maturity thereof, upon presentation and surr ender of 
such Series 2023 Bond at the principal office of the Paying Agent. 
 
 The interest payable on each Series 2023 Bond on any Interest Payment Date shall be paid to the Owner of 
such Series 2023 Bond as shown on the Bond Register at the close of business on the Record Date for such interest 
(a) by check or draft mailed by the Paying Agent to the address of such Owner shown on the Bond Register or at such 
other address as is furnished to the Paying Agent in writing by such Owner; or (b) in the case of an interest payment 
to Cede & Co. or any Owner of $500,000 or more in aggregate principal amount of Series 2023 Bonds, by electronic 
transfer to such Owner upon written notice given to the Bond Registrar by such Owner, not less than 15 days prior to 
the Record Date for such interest, containing the electronic transfer instructions including the bank, ABA routing 
number and account number to which such Owner wishes to have such transfer directed. 
 
 “Record Date” means the fifteenth day of the month (whether or not a business day) next preceding each 
Interest Payment Date in each year the Series 2023 Bonds are Outstanding. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Defaulted Interest with respect to any Series 2023 Bond shall cease to 
be payable to the Owner of such Series 2023 Bond on the relevant Record Date and shall be payable to the Owner in 
whose name such Series 2023 Bond is registered at the close of business on the Special Record Date for the payment 
of such Defaulted Interest, which Special Record Date shall be fixed as hereinafter specified.  The Issuer shall notify 
the Paying Agent in writing of the amount of Defa ulted Interest proposed to be paid on each Series 2023 Bond and 
the date of the proposed payment (which date shall be at least 30 days after receipt of such notice by the Paying Agent) 
and shall deposit with the Paying Agent an amount of money equal to the  aggregate amount proposed to be paid in 
respect of such Defaulted Interest.  Following receipt of such funds the Paying Agent shall fix a Special Record Date 
for the payment of such Defaulted Interest which shall be not more than 15 nor less than 10 days prior to the date of 
the proposed payment.  The Paying Agent shall notify the Issuer of such Special Record Date and shall cause notice 
of the proposed payment of such Defaulted Interest and the Special Record Date therefor to be mailed, by first class 
mail, postage prepaid, to each Owner of a Series 2023 Bond entitled to such notice not less than 10 days prior to such 
Special Record Date. 
 
 SO LONG AS CEDE & CO. REMAINS THE REGISTERED OWNER OF THE SERIES 2023  
BONDS, THE PAYING AGENT SHALL TRANSMIT PAYMENTS  TO THE SECURITIES DEPOSITORY, 
WHICH SHALL REMIT SUCH PAYMENTS IN ACCORDANCE WITH ITS NORMAL PROCEDURES .  
See “THE SERIES 2023 BONDS – Book-Entry Bonds; Securities Depository.” 
 
Payments Due on Saturdays, Sundays and Holidays 
 
 In any case where a Bond Payment Date is not a Business Day, then payment of principal, Redemption Price 
or interest need not be made on such Bond Payment Date but may be made on the next succeeding Business Day with 
the same force and effect as if made on such Bond Payment Date, and no interest shall accrue for the period after such 
Bond Payment Date. 
 
Book-Entry Bonds; Securities Depository 
 
 The Series 2023 Bonds shall initially be registered to Cede & Co., the nominee for the Securities Depository, 
and no Beneficial Owner will rec eive certificates representing their respective interests in the Series 2023 Bonds, 
except in the event the Bond Registrar issues Replacement Bonds.  It is anticipated that during the term of the Series 
2023 Bonds, the Securities Depository will make book-entry transfers among its Participants and receive and transmit 
payment of principal of, premium, if any, and interest on, the Series 2023 Bonds to the Participants until and unless 
the Bond Registrar authenticate s and delivers Replacement Bonds to the Beneficial Owners as described in the 
following paragraphs. 
 
 The Issuer may decide, subject to the requirements of the Operational Arrangements of DTC (or a successor 
Securities Depository), and the following provis ions of this section to discontinue use of the system of book -entry 
transfers through DTC (or a successor Securities Depository): 
  
5 
 (a) if the Issuer determines (1) that the Securities Depository is unable to properly discharge its 
responsibilities, or (2)  that the Securities Depository is no longer qualified to act as a securities depository and 
registered clearing agency under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or (3) that the continuation of 
a book-entry system to the exclusion of any Series 2023 Bonds being issued to any Owner other than Cede & Co. is 
no longer in the best interests of the Beneficial Owners of the Series 2023 Bonds; or 
 
 (b) if the Bond Registrar receives written notice from Participants having interest in not less than  50% 
of the Series 2023 Bonds Outstanding, as shown on the records of the Securities Depository (and certified to such 
effect by the Securities Depository), that the continuation of a book -entry system to the exclusion of any Series 2023 
Bonds being issued to any Owner other than Cede & Co. is no longer in the best interests of the Beneficial Owners of 
the Series 2023 Bonds, then the Bond Registrar shall notify the Owners of such determination or such notice and of 
the availability of certificates to owners requesting the same, and the Bond Registrar shall register in the name of and 
authenticate and deliver Replacement Bonds to the Beneficial Owners or their nominees in principal amounts 
representing the interest of each, making such adjustments as it may find necessary or appropriate as to accrued interest 
and previous calls for redemption; provided, that in the case of a determination under (a)(1) or (a)(2) of this paragraph, 
the Issuer, with the consent of the Bond Registrar, may select a successor securities depository in accordance with the 
following paragraph to effect book-entry transfers.  
 
 In such event, all references to the Securities Depository herein shall relate to the period of time when the 
Securities Depository has possession of at least one Series 2023 Bond.  Upon the issuance of Replacement Bonds, all 
references herein to obligations imposed upon or to be performed by the Securities Depository shall be deemed to be 
imposed upon and performed by the Bond Registrar, to the extent applicable with respect to such Replacement Bonds.  
If the Securities Depository resigns and the Issuer, the Bond Registrar or Owners are unable to locate a qualified 
successor of the Securities Depository, then the Bond Registrar shall authenticate and cause delivery  of Replacement 
Bonds to Owners, as provided herein.  The Bond Registrar may rely on information from the Securities Depository 
and its Participants as to the names of the Beneficial Owners of the Series 2023  Bonds.  The cost of printing, 
registration, authentication, and delivery of Replacement Bonds shall be paid for by the Issuer. 
 
 In the event the Securities Depository resigns, is unable to properly discharge its responsibilities, or is no 
longer qualified to act as a securities depository and registered clearing agency under the Securities and Exchange Act 
of 1934, as amended, the Issuer may appoint a successor Securities Depository provided the Bond Registrar receives 
written evidence satisfactory to the Bond Registrar with respect to the ability of t he successor Securities Depository 
to discharge its responsibilities.  Any such successor Securities Depository shall be a securities depository which is a 
registered clearing agency under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or other appli cable statute or 
regulation that operates a securities depository upon reasonable and customary terms.  The Bond Registrar upon its 
receipt of a Series 2023 Bond or Series 2023 Bonds for cancellation shall cause the delivery of the Series 2023 Bonds 
to the successor Securities Depository in appropriate denominations and form as provided in the Bond Resolution. 
 
Registration, Transfer and Exchange of Bonds 
 
 As long as any of the Series 2023 Bonds remain Outstanding, each Series 2023 Bond when issued shall be 
registered in the name of the Owner thereof on the Bond Register.  Series 2023  Bonds may be transferred and 
exchanged only on the Bond Register as hereinafter provided.  Upon surrender of any Series 2023 Bond at the principal 
office of the Bond Registrar, the Bond Registrar shall transfer or exchange such Series 2023 Bond for a new Series 
2023 Bond or Series 2023  Bonds in any authorized denomination of the same Stated Maturity and in the same 
aggregate principal amount as the Series 2023 Bond that was presented for transfer or exchange.  Series 2023 Bonds 
presented for transfer or exchange shall be accompanied by a written instrument or instruments of transfer or 
authorization for exchange, in a form and with guarantee of signature satisfactory to the Bond Registrar, duly executed 
by the Owner thereof or by the Owner’s duly authorized agent. 
 
 In all cases in which the privilege of transferring or exchanging Series 2023 Bonds is exercised, the Bond 
Registrar shall authenticate and deliver Series 2023 Bonds in accordance with the provisions of the Bond Resolution.  
The Issuer shall pay the fees and expenses of the Bond Registrar for the registration, transfer and exchange of Series 
2023 Bonds.  Any additional costs or fees that might be incurred in the secondary market, other than fees of the Bond 
Registrar, are the responsibility of the Owners of the Series 2023 Bonds.  In the event any Owner fails to provide a  
6 
correct taxpayer identification number to the Paying Agent, the Paying Agent may make a charge against such Owner 
sufficient to pay any governmental charge required to be paid as a result of such failure. 
 
 The Issuer and the Bond Registrar shall not be required (a) to register the transfer or exchange of any Series 
2023 Bond that has been called for redemption after notice of such redemption has been m ailed by the Paying Agent 
and during the period of 15 days next preceding the date of mailing of such notice of redemption; or (b) to register the 
transfer or exchange of any Series 2023 Bond during a period beginning at the opening of business on the day after 
receiving written notice from the Issuer of its intent to pay Defaulted Interest and ending at the close of business on 
the date fixed for the payment of Defaulted Interest. 
 
Mutilated, Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Bonds 
 
 If (a) any mutilated Series 2023 Bond is surrendered to the Bond Registrar or the Bond Registrar receives 
evidence to its satisfaction of the destruction, loss or theft of any Series 2023 Bond, and (b) there is delivered to the 
Issuer and the Bond Registrar such security or indemnity a s may be required by each of them, then, in the absence of 
notice to the Issuer or the Bond Registrar that such Series 2023 Bond has been acquired by a bona fide purchaser, the 
Issuer shall execute and, upon the Issuer’s request, the Bond Registrar shall authenticate and deliver, in exchange for 
or in lieu of any such  mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen  Series 2023 Bond, a new Series 2023 Bond of the same 
Stated Maturity and of like tenor and principal amount.  If any such mutilated, destroyed, lost or st olen Series 2023 
Bond has become or is about to become due and payable, the Issuer, in its discretion, may pay such Series 2023 Bond 
instead of issuing a new Series 2023 Bond.  Upon the issuance of any new Series 2023 Bond, the Issuer may require 
the payment by the Owner of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in 
relation thereto and any other expenses (including the fees and expenses of the Paying Agent) connected therewith.  
 
Nonpresentment of Bonds 
 
 If any Series 2023 Bond is not presented for payment when the principal thereof becomes due at Maturity, if 
funds sufficient to pay such Series 2023 Bond have been made available to the Paying Agent all liability of the Issuer 
to the Owner thereof for the payment o f such Series 2023 Bond shall forthwith cease, determine and be completely 
discharged, and thereupon it shall be the duty of the Paying Agent to hold such funds, without liability for interest 
thereon, for the benefit of the Owner of such Series 2023 Bond, who shall thereafter be restricted exclusively to such 
funds for any claim of whatever nature on his part under this Bond Resolution or on, or with respect to, said Series 
2023 Bond.  If any Series 2023 Bond is not presented for payment within four (4) years following the date when such 
Bond becomes due at Maturity, the Paying Agent shall repay to the Issuer the funds theretofore held by it for payment 
of such Series 2023  Bond, and such Series 2023  Bond shall, subject to the defense of any applicable statute of 
limitation, thereafter be an unsecured obligation of the Issuer, and the Owner thereof shall be entitled to look only to 
the Issuer for payment, and then only to the extent of the amount so repaid to it by the Paying Agent, and the Issuer 
shall not be liable for any interest thereon and shall not be regarded as a trustee of such money. 
 
Redemption Provisions 
 
 Optional Redemption.  At the option of the Issuer, Series 2023 Bonds maturing on July 1 in the years 2032, 
and thereafter, will be subject to redemption and payment prior to their Stated Maturity on July 1, 2031, and thereafter, 
as a whole or in part (selection of maturities and the amount of Series 2023 Bonds of each maturity to be redeemed to 
be determined by the Issuer in such equitable manner as it may determin e) at any time , at the Redemption Price of 
100% (expressed as a percentage of the principal amount), plus accrued interest to the Redemption Date.   
 
 Selection of Bonds to be Redeemed .  Series 2023  Bonds shall be redeemed only in an Authorized 
Denomination.  When less than all of the Series 2023 Bonds are to be redeemed and paid prior to their Stated Maturity, 
such Series 2023 Bonds shall be redeemed in such manner as the Issuer shall determine, Series 2023 Bonds of less 
than a full Stated Maturity shall be selected by the Bond Registrar in minimum Authorized Denomination in such 
equitable manner as the Bond Registrar may determine.  In the case of a partial redemption of Series 2023 Bonds by 
lot when Series 2023  Bonds of denominations greater than a minimum Authorized Denomination are then 
Outstanding, then for all purposes in connection with such redemption each minimum Authorized Denomination of 
face value shall be treated as though it were a separate Series 2023 Bond of a minimum Authorized Denomination.  If 
it is determined that one or more, but not all, of the minimum Authorized Denomination value represented by any  
7 
Series 2023  Bond is selected for redemption, then upon notice of intention to redeem su ch minimum Authorized 
Denomination, the Owner or the Owner’s duly authorized agent shall forthwith present and surrender such Series 2023 
Bond to the Bond Registrar:  (1) for payment of the Redemption Price and interest to the Redemption Date of such 
minimum Authorized Denomination value called for redemption, and (2) for exchange, without charge to the Owner 
thereof, for a new Series 2023 Bond or Series 2023 Bonds of the aggregate principal amount of the unredeemed portion 
of the principal amount of such Series 2023 Bond.  If the Owner of any such Series 2023 Bond fails to present such 
Series 2023  Bond to the Paying Agent for payment and exchange as aforesaid, such Series 2023  Bond shall, 
nevertheless, become due and payable on the redemption date to the extent of the minimum Authorized Denomination 
value called for redemption (and to that extent only). 
 
 Notice and Effect of Call for Redemption .  Unless waived by any Owner of Series 2023  Bonds to be 
redeemed, if the Issuer shall call any Series 2023 Bonds for redemption and payment prior to the Stated Maturity 
thereof, the Issuer shall give written notice of its intention to call and pay said Series 2023 Bonds to the Bond Registrar 
and the State Treasurer.  In addition, the Issuer shall cause the Bond Registrar to give written notice of redemption to 
the Owners of said Series 2023 Bonds.  Each of said written notices shall be deposited in the United States first class 
mail not less than 30 days prior to the Redemption Date. 
 
 All official notices of redemption shall be dated and shall contain the following information:  (a) the 
Redemption Date; (b) the Redemption Price; (c) if less than all Outstanding Series 2023 Bonds are to be redeeme d, 
the identification (and, in the case of partial redemption of any Series 2023 Bonds, the respective principal amounts) 
of the Series 2023 Bonds to be redeemed; (d) a statement that on the Redemption Date the Redemption Price will 
become due and payable upon each such Series 2023 Bond or portion thereof called for redemption and that interest 
thereon shall cease to accrue from and after the Redemption Date; and (e) the place where such Series 2023 Bonds 
are to be surrendered for payment of the Redemption Price, which shall be the principal office of the Paying Agent.  
The failure of any Owner to receive notice given as heretofore provided or an immaterial defect therein shall not 
invalidate any redemption. 
 
 Prior to any Redemption Date, the Issuer shall deposit with the Paying Agent an amount of money sufficient 
to pay the Redemption Price of all the Series 2023 Bonds or portions of Series 2023 Bonds that are to be redeemed on 
such Redemption Date.  Official notice of redemption having been given as afores aid, the Series 2023  Bonds or 
portions of Series 2023  Bonds to be redeemed shall become due and payable on the Redemption Date, at the 
Redemption Price therein specified, and from and after the Redemption Date (unless the Issuer defaults in the payment 
of the Redemption Price) such Series 2023 Bonds or portion of Series 2023 Bonds shall cease to bear interest. 
 
For so long as the Securities Depository is effecting book-entry transfers of the Series 2023 Bonds, the Bond 
Registrar shall provide the notices specified to the Securities Depository.  It is expected that the Securities Depository 
shall, in turn, notify its Participants and that the Participants, in turn, will notify or cause to be notified the Beneficia l 
Owners.  Any failure on the part of the Securities Depository or a Participant, or failure on the part of a nominee of a 
Beneficial Owner of a Series 2023  Bond (having been mailed notice from the Bond Registrar, the Securities 
Depository, a Participant or otherwise) to notify the Beneficia l Owner of the Series 2023 Bond so affected, shall not 
affect the validity of the redemption of such Series 2023 Bond. 
 
 In addition to the foregoing notice, the Issuer shall provide such notices of redemption as are required by the 
Disclosure Undertaking.   The Paying Agent is also directed to comply with any mandatory or voluntary standards 
then in effect for processing redemptions of municipal securities established by the State or the Securities and 
Exchange Commission.  Failure to comply with such stand ards shall not affect or invalidate the redemption of any 
Series 2023 Bond. 
 
 
THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY 
 
 1. The Depository Trust Company ( “DTC”), New York, New York, will act as securities depository 
for the Series 2023 Bonds.  The Series 2023 Bonds will be issued as fully-registered securities registered in the name 
of Cede & Co. (DTC’s partnership nominee) or such other name as may be requested by an authorized representative 
of DTC.  One fully -registered bond certificate will be issued for each scheduled maturity of the Series 2023 Bonds, 
and will be deposited with DTC.  
8 
 
 2. DTC, the world’s largest depository, is a limited -purpose trust company organized under the New 
York Banking Law, a “banking organization” within the meaning of the New York Banking Law, a member of the 
Federal Reserve System, a “clearing corporation” within the meaning of the New York Uniform Commercial Code, 
and a “clearing agency” registered pursuant to the provisions of Section 17A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.  
DTC holds and provides asset servicing for over 3.6 million issues of U.S. and non -U.S. equity issues, corporate and 
municipal debt issues, and money ma rket instruments from over 100 countries that DTC ’s participants ( “Direct 
Participants”) deposit with DTC.  DTC also facilitates the post -trade settlement among Direct Participants of sales 
and other securities transactions in deposited securities, through  electronic computerized book -entry transfers and 
pledges between Direct Participants ’ accounts.  This eliminates the need for physical movement of securities 
certificates.  Direct Participants include U.S. and non -U.S. securities brokers and dealers, bank s, trust companies, 
clearing corporations, and certain other organizations.  DTC is a wholly-owned subsidiary of The Depository Trust & 
Clearing Corporation (“DTCC”).  DTCC is the holding company for DTC, National Securities Clearing Corporation 
and Fixed Income Clearing Corporation, all of which are registered clearing agencies.  DTCC is owned by the users 
of its regulated subsidiaries.  Access to the DTC system is also available to others such as both U.S. and non -U.S. 
securities brokers and dealers, bank s, trust companies, and clearing corporations that clear through or maintain a 
custodial relationship with a Direct Participant, either directly or indirectly ( “Indirect Participants ”).  DTC has a 
Standard & Poor’s rating of “AA+”.  The DTC Rules applicable to its Participants are on file with the Securities and 
Exchange Commission.  More information about DTC can be found at www.dtcc.com. 
 
 3. Purchases of Series 2023  Bonds under the DTC system must be made by or through Direct 
Participants, which will receive a credit for the Series 2023 Bonds on DTC’s records.  The ownership interest of each 
actual purchaser of each Series 2023 Bond (“Beneficial Owner”) is in turn to be re corded on the Direct and Indirect 
Participants’ records.  Beneficial Owners will not receive written confirmation from DTC of their purchase.  Beneficial 
Owners are, however, expected to receive written confirmations providing details of the transaction, as well as periodic 
statements of their holdings, from the Direct or Indirect Participant through which the Beneficial Owner entered into 
the transaction.  Transfers of ownership interests in the Series 2023 Bonds are to be accomplished by entries made on 
the books of Direct and Indirect Participants acting on behalf of Beneficial Owners.  Beneficial Owners will not 
receive certificates representing their ownership interests in Series 2023 Bonds, except in the event that use of the 
book-entry system for the Series 2023 Bonds is discontinued.  
 
 4. To facilitate subsequent transfers, all Series 2023 Bonds deposited by Direct Participants with DTC 
are registered in the name of DTC’s partnership nominee, Cede & Co., or such other name as may be requested by an 
authorized representative of DTC.  The deposit of Series 2023 Bonds with DTC and their registration in the name of 
Cede & Co. or such other DTC nominee do not effect any change in beneficial ownership.  DTC has no knowledge 
of the actual Beneficial Owners o f the Series 2023  Bonds; DTC ’s records reflect only the identity of the Direct 
Participants to whose accounts such Series 2023 Bonds are credited, which may or may not be the Beneficial Owners.  
The Direct and Indirect Participants will remain responsible for keeping account of their holdings on behalf of their 
customers.  
 
 5. Conveyance of notices and other communications by DTC to Direct Participants, by Direct 
Participants to Indirect Participants, and by Direct Participants and Indirect Participants to  Beneficial Owners will be 
governed by arrangements among them, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect from 
time to time. 
 
 6. Redemption notices shall be sent to DTC.  If less than all of the Series 2023 Bonds within an issue 
are being redeemed, DTC’s practice is to determine by lot the amount of the interest of each Direct Participant in such 
issue to be redeemed. 
 
 7. Neither DTC nor Cede & Co. (nor any other DTC nominee) will consent or vote with respect to the 
Series 2023 Bonds unless authorized by a Direct Participant in accordance with DTC ’s MMI Procedures.  Under its 
usual procedures, DTC mails an Omnibus Proxy to the Issuer as soon as possible after the record date.  The Omnibus 
Proxy assigns Cede & Co. ’s consenting or voting rights to those Direct Participants to whose accounts Series 2023 
Bonds are credited on the record date (identified in a listing attached to the Omnibus Proxy).  
  
9 
 8. Redemption proceeds, distributions, and dividend payments on the Series 2023 Bonds will be made 
to Cede & Co., or such other nominee as may be requested by an authorized representative of DTC.  DTC ’s practice 
is to credit Direct Participants’ accounts upon DTC’s receipt of funds and corresponding detail information from the 
Issuer or Paying Agent, on the payment date in accordance with their respective holdings shown on DTC ’s records.  
Payments by Participants to Beneficial Owners will be governed by standing instructions and customary practices, as 
is the case with securities held for the accounts of customers in bearer form or registered in “street name,” and will be 
the responsibility of such Participant and not of DTC nor its nominee, the Paying Agent, or the Issuer, subject to any 
statutory or regulatory requirements as m ay be in effect from time to time.  Payment of redemption proceeds, 
distributions, and dividend payments to Cede & Co. (or such other nominee as may be requested by an authorized 
representative of DTC) is the responsibility of the Issuer or Paying Agent, d isbursement of such payments to Direct 
Participants will be the responsibility of DTC, and disbursement of such payments to the Beneficial Owners will be 
the responsibility of Direct and Indirect Participants. 
 
 9. A Beneficial Owner shall give notice to e lect to have its Series 2023 Bonds purchased or tendered, 
through its Participant, to the Paying Agent, and shall effect delivery of such Series 2023 Bonds by causing the Direct 
Participant to transfer the Participant’s interest in the Series 2023 Bonds, on DTC’s records, to the Paying Agent.  The 
requirement for physical delivery of the Series 2023  Bonds in connection with an optional tender or a mandatory 
purchase will be deemed satisfied when the ownership rights in the Series 2023  Bonds are transferred by Direct 
Participants on DTC ’s records and followed by a book -entry credit of tendered Series 2023  Bonds to the Paying 
Agent’s DTC account. 
 
 10. DTC may discontinue providing its services as depository with respect to the Series 2023 Bonds at 
any time by giving reasonable notice to the Issuer or Paying Agent.  Under such circumstances, in the event that a 
successor securities depository is not obtained, Series 2023 Bond certificates are required to be printed and delivered.  
 
 11. The Issuer may decide to discontinue use of the system of book -entry-only transfers through DTC 
(or a successor securities depository).  In that event, Series 2023 Bond certificates will be printed  and delivered to 
DTC. 
 
 12. The information in this section concerning DTC and DTC ’s book-entry system has been obtained 
from sources that the Issuer believes to be reliable, but the Issuer takes no responsibility for the accuracy thereof. 
 
 
THE PROJECT 
 
 A portion of the proceeds of the Series 2023 Bonds are being issued for the purpose of acquiring, constructing, 
reconstructing, altering, repairing, improving, extending or enlarging  the System, as more particularly described in 
Resolution No. 23-1004 of the City (the “Project”). A portion of the p roceeds of the Series 2023 Bonds will pay a 
portion of the costs of the Project, with the balance fi nanced through one or more future issua nces of Parity Bonds 
and/or other funds of the City.  
 
 
[Balance of page intentionally left blank] 
   
10 
SOURCES AND USES OF FUNDS 
 
 The following table summarizes the sources and uses of funds associated with the issuance of the Series 2023 
Bonds: 
 
Sources of Funds:  
 Principal Amount  $5,280,000.00 
 Original Issue Premium 269,142.30 
 
  Total 
 
$5,549,142.30 
 
Uses of Funds: 
 
 Deposit to Project Account $5,040,250.00 
 Deposit to Bond Reserve Account 397,900.00 
Deposit to Costs of Issuance Account 60,832.30 
 Underwriter’s Discount 50,160.00 
 
  Total 
 
$5,549,142.30 
 
 
THE SYSTEM 
 
Organization of the System 
 
 The City has operated its public water system since 1883 and its sanitary sewer system since 1915. The 
ongoing operation of the combined water and sewer system is the responsibility of the City ’s Infrastructure Focus 
Area with customer service support from the  Exceptional Services Focus Area . Infrastructure is responsible for 
providing potable water in accordance with state and federal standards and in sufficient quantity to meet the needs of 
all residences, businesses and industries that the System serves. It is a lso responsible for the collection and treatment 
of sanitary sewage and assuring that effluent meets state and federal requirements.  These functions are carried out 
through three Infrastructure divisions:  Environmental Services, Engineering, and Field Operations with support from  
Customer Service.   
 
 The Water Production program operates and maintains one water treatment facility in order to provide a 
continuous supply of treated water in sufficient quantities to satisfy the City’s needs.  
 
 The Wastewater Treatment program operates and maintains two wastewater treatment plants and one lagoon 
system and is responsible for treating about 50% of the  sewage effluent generated by the homes, businesses and 
industries of the City.  A county sewer district, the Johnson County Wastewater District, treats the remaining sewage 
generated in the City through a County-owned regional treatment facility.  It is the responsibility of the Field 
Operations Division to maintain, operate and improve the underground water and sanitary infrastructure serving the 
City.  This program also maintains the City’s water meters, makes new water service taps, performs water and sewer 
inspections, and makes emergency repairs to water and sewer mains , valves, and  hydrants. The Engineering and 
Environmental Services Divisions provides engineering services to the facilities and lines.  Customer Service responds 
to customer inquiries and service requests and is engaged in billing and collection of the system revenue, as well as 
other enterprise fund revenue of the City. 
 
 None of the City’s employees, including those in the Infrastructure, are members of labor unions nor do any 
collective bargaining units represent them. 
 
Billings and Collections 
 
 The billing, accounting, meter reading and collection of all water and sew er system revenues are handled 
through the City’s Infrastructure and Exceptional Services Focus Areas departments as a direct expense of the Water 
and Sewer Fund.  Customers are billed monthly on a combined statement which includes charges for water, sanitary 
sewer, and other miscellaneous System charges, all of which constitute part of the revenues of the System.  Under  
11 
present System policy and City ordinances, utility bills are due when received but contain a penalty date that provides 
21 days for payment.  If payment is not made in full within 33 days, a notice is mailed which allows seven days before 
service is discontinued.  The billing system also collects the utility sales tax, the state water protection charge, storm 
water fees, and the City’s fee for solid waste services, which are not revenues of the System. 
 
Water Rates 
 
 The monthly water services and usage charges approved by the City Council for 2023 are shown below. 
 
Monthly Service Charges 
 
 2023 
 Non-Wholesale Wholesale 
5/8-inch meter $15.64 $18.34 
1-inch meter $46.89 $45.83 
1.5-inch meter $78.16 $91.64 
2-inch meter $125.06 $146.63 
3-inch meter $250.11 $274.92 
4-inch meter $390.80 $458.21 
6-inch meter $781.50 $916.40 
8-inch meter $1,250.56 $1,466.22 
10-inch meter $1,797.68  $2,199.34 
12-inch meter $2,422.96 $2,749.16 
 
Usage Charges – Single Family Residential (Within City Limits) 
 
 2023 
  First 600 cubic feet $3.02 per 100 cubic feet 
  Next 600 cubic feet $4.52 per 100 cubic feet 
    Next 1,400 cubic feet $6.04 per 100 cubic feet 
  All over 2,600 cubic feet  $7.54 per 100 cubic feet 
 
Usage Charges – Outside City Limits  
 
 2023 
  First 600 cubic feet $3.78 per 100 cubic feet 
  Next 600 cubic feet $5.65 per 100 cubic feet 
    Next 1,400 cubic feet $7.55 per 100 cubic feet 
  All over 2,600 cubic feet  $9.43 per 100 cubic feet 
  
Bulk Water Sales $6.99 per 1,000 gallons 
  
Wholesale $4.08 per 100 cubic feet 
 
Usage Charges – Multi-Family 
 
 2023 
Up to 110% of winter usage $3.64 per 100 cubic feet 
110% to 200% of winter usage $4.56 per 100 cubic feet 
Over 200% of winter usage $5.47 per 100 cubic feet 
  
12 
Usage Charges – Commercial 
 
 2023 
Up to 110% of winter usage $3.85 per 100 cubic feet 
110% to 200% of winter usage $4.82 per 100 cubic feet 
Over 200% of winter usage $5.77 per 100 cubic feet 
 
Usage Charges – Industrial 
 
 2023 
Up to 110% of winter usage $3.24 per 100 cubic feet 
110% to 200% of winter usage $4.05 per 100 cubic feet 
Over 200% of winter usage $4.84 per 100 cubic feet 
 
 Water rates charged by the City, within or outside the City limits, are not regulated by the Kansas Corporation 
Commission or any other regulatory body.  The City tracks water usage during the winter months.  The winter usage 
is then used for the remaining  nine months of the year to determine the appropriate category for billing purposes  for 
non-residential customers. Additional usage is added on during those nine months depending on volume of water use. 
This, in effect, rewards the lower users of water and encourages the high-end users to find conservation measures. 
 
Water Loss Per Year 
 
Year Percentage 
2022 16.0% 
2021 12.5 
2020 12.3 
2019 15.8 
2018 11.9 
 
Sewer Rates 
 
 Sanitary sewer service charges for residential customers are based on average winter water use. Average 
winter water is defined as the average usage for the months of December, January, and February. The monthly sewer 
service charges approved by the City Council for 2023 are shown below. 
                                    
 2023 
Minimum Service Charge $21.07 
  
Based on Average Winter Water Use:  
   Residential $5.82 per 100 cubic feet 
 
  
Based on Actual Usage:  
   Multi-Family $5.99 per 100 cubic feet 
   Commercial $5.99 per 100 cubic feet 
   Industrial $5.98 per 100 cubic feet 
 
Rate Increases 
 
The water and sewer service charges are set annually in conjunction with the City’s budget process  using a 
5-step model that primarily focuses on identifying revenue requirements and allocating costs to meet the City’s 
financial and pricing objectives.  Additionally, the City’s Forecast Team prepares a 5-year forecast of System revenues 
and expenses on a monthly basis and a 10-year forecast on an annual basis to facilitate budget decisions and strategic 
planning.  Recent rate increases approved by the City Council are as follows:  
13 
 
Year Water Sewer 
2023 6.0% 6.0% 
2022 4.3 4.9 
2021 3.5 4.5 
2020 3.5 4.5 
2019 3.5 4.5 
 
The City expects to increase water and sewer rates comparable to prior year rate adjustments, subject to City 
Council approval and authorization. Rates for 2024 are expected to be considered by the City Council on or about 
August 2023. 
 
In the fall of 2022, the City Council approved a new block structure for residential water customers that went 
into effect on January 1, 2023. The change in block structure was implemented to improve affordability and 
equitability for basic resident water needs. The added fourth block consists of extremely high use customers (users of 
over 2,600 cubic feet, as shown in tables above), and the largest rate increase could be seen in this block. This was 
done intentionally to attempt to change behavior of high use customers and help with water conservation and demand 
needs in the future. 
 
Description of the Water System 
 
The City operates one drinking water treatment facility with a treatment capacity of 3 2 million gallons per 
day. Raw water is supplied by eleven vertical wells and four horizontal collector wells in the Kansas River alluvium 
near the City of De Soto, Kansas. The vertical wells have a capacity of 6.0 million gallons per day and the horizontal 
collector wells have a rated capacity of 25 million gallons per day. Three pipe lines, a 24-inch, a 30-inch, and a 48-inch, 
convey the raw water from the well field to the treatment plant.   
 
The City has a reciprocal emergency purchase agreement  with Wat er District No. 1 of Johnson County , 
Kansas.  The City does not purchase any of its water supply from another utility.  All water treated by the City comes 
from the City’s wellfields located on the Kansas River. 
 
The System also includes seven treated water storage facilities with a total capacity of 17 million gallons and 
transmission and distribution facilities consisting of 632 miles of various diameter pipes.  In 2009, the City finished 
construction of a 42-inch water transmission main to convey finished water from the City’s water treatment facility to 
the distribution system. Based on the City’s growth pattern, the City believes that it will construct additional raw water 
pipeline, one or more raw water well, additional clarifier and expand the membrane system within the next ten years.  
 
Water Quality Standards and System Operation 
 
The System meets or exceeds all United States Environmental Protection Agency (USEPA) Safe Drinking 
Water Act (SDWA) and Kansas Department of Health and Environment (KDHE) Rules and Regulations.  The System 
actively participates in the American Water Works  Association (AWWA) and, with over 300 other utilities in the 
National Partnership for Safe Water Program, organized to enhance drinking water quality and treatment.  According 
to the ETC Institute, a firm that surveys over 900 utilities and municipalities in 49 states, the City’s water and sewer 
services received over a 90% satisfaction rating from its customers in 2022 . The City actively participates in a 
Continuous Improvement Program, including benchmarking surveys and continually seeks improvements to optimize 
treatment practices and operations.  
 
The City operates a NELAC certified environmental laboratory to ensure regulatory compliance and provide 
analytical analysis for water production, wastewater treatment, parks & recreation, sol id waste, storm water, water 
distribution, and wastewater collection.    
14 
 
Description of the Sewer System 
 
The City operates two wastewater treatment plants and one lagoon system.  The Harold Street treatment plant 
has 3.2 million gallons per day dry weather capacity and 6.4 million gallons per day wet weather capacity.  The City 
does not currently anticipate any capacity expansion at its Harold Street facility.   
 
The Cedar Creek treatment plant was expanded in 2013 from 3.0 million to 7.75 million gallons per day dry 
weather capacity and from 7.5 million to 23.25 million gallons per day wet weather capacity.  The Lakestone Lagoons 
were constructed in 1979 to facilitate treatment of a residential subdivision. Currently, there are approximately 
465 miles of various diameter collection lines in the sewer system.   
  
The City of Olathe Environmental Services Division annually receives many local, state and national awards 
for exceptional operation, maintenance and safety of the City’s wastewater treatment facilities.  The City maintains 
an active pretreatment program and has met KDHE and USEPA standards for over 20  years. The Cedar Creek 
wastewater treatment facility  and Harold Street wastewater treatment facility both  received Gold Peak awards from 
the National Association of Clean Water Agencies in recognition of complete and consistent National Pollutant 
Discharge Elimination System permit compliance in 2021. Gold award designations are presented to member agency 
facilities that demonstrate among the highest standards in wastewater treatment with no violations in a calendar year.  
 
The City has also been a leader in using new technologies to meet regulatory requirements. As pa rt of the 
Cedar Creek Wastewater Treatment Plant expansion, the plant includes Kansas ’ first in-line fermentation process, 
which uses biological means to generate a carbon supply rather than trucking in costly chemicals. The five -stage 
process removes nitr ogen and phosphorous, which is required by federal and Kansas Department of Health and 
Environment (KDHE) regulations for all new or expanding wastewater facilities.   
 
Effluent Standards and System Operations 
 
The National Permit Discharge Elimination Sys tem (NPDES) permits the City wastewater treatment plants 
and sets limits for numerous effluent parameters.  City wastewater facilities met permit limits on 100% of all samples 
taken in 2022.  
 
 
[Balance of page intentionally left blank] 
   
15 
Historical Financials 
 
 2018 2019(a) 2020 2021 2022 
Gross Revenues(b) $51,367,036 $48,899,840 $53,992,179 $55,533,227 $58,517,946 
Current Expenses(b) 32,042,510 37,418,793 36,810,092 34,912,729 36,458,631 
Net Revenue(b) $19,324,526 $11,481,047 $17,182,087 $20,620,498 $22,059,315 
      
Parity & 
Subordinate 
Debt Service $12,020,350 $12,627,112 $13,132,562 $12,425,538 $11,704,988 
Parity & 
Subordinate 
Bond Coverage 1.61x 0.91x 1.31x 1.66x 1.88x 
      
Parity Bond  
Debt Service $6,929,907 $7,655,480 $8,127,209 $7,974,384 $8,388,331 
Parity Bond 
Coverage 2.79x 1.50x 2.11x 2.59x 2.63x 
 
Average Annual Debt Service on Parity Bonds, including estimated debt 
service on the Series 2023 Bonds (b)(c) 
 
  
$6,518,076 
Debt Service Coverage Ratio for Purposes of Additional 
Parity Bonds, including Series 2023 Bonds (b)(c)  
 3.38x 
 
(a) The decline in Gross Revenues is partially due to lower water usage because of abnormally high rainfall. In 2019 rainfall in 
Olathe totaled 60.06 inches compared to the previ ous 10-year average of 33.48 inches per year. Current Expenses  in 2019 
were also negatively affected due to expenses considered by the City to be one-time, non-recurring.
 
 
(b)
 Determined in accordance with the Parity Bond Resolutions. See definitions of Gross Revenues, Current Expenses, and Net 
Revenue in “THE SERIES 2023 BONDS – Security for the Series 2023 Bonds.” See APPENDIX E for definitions of Average 
Annual Debt Service, Debt Service Coverage Ratio and the requirements to issue additional Parity Bonds.  
 
(c)
 The debt service on the Parity Bonds is reduced by the Bond Reserve Requirement for each series of Parity Bonds as such 
series of Parity Bonds is scheduled to mature.  
 
[Balance of page intentionally left blank]   
16 
Number of Customers 
 
 The following table lists the approximate number of customers of the System for the years indicated. 
 
Year 
Water  
Customers 
Sanitary Sewer 
Customers 
2022 37,234 31,701 
2021 36,947 31,669 
2020 37,050 31,475 
2019 36,600 30,830 
2018 36,120 30,602 
   
Source: The City 
 
Customer Classifications 
 
 The following is a list of customer breakdown for the System as of December 31, 2022. Less than 1% of total 
customers are located outside City limits.  
 
 Water Customers Sewer Customers 
Residential and Multi-Family 35,172 30,020 
Commercial 2,039 1,662 
Industrial 20 19 
Wholesale 3 N/A 
  
Source: The City 
 
Water Production Requirements 
 
The following table indicates historical water production requirements and comparison to the previous year:  
 
 Average Daily Demand Annual Demand 
Year 
Gallons 
(in millions) 
Percent Increase/ 
(Decrease) 
Gallons 
(in millions) 
Percent Increase/ 
(Decrease) 
2022 13.40 2.0% 4,888.15 5.3% 
2021 12.40 (0.1) 4,653.74 1.5 
2020 12.56 6.8 4,583.18 6.8 
2019 11.75 (9.1) 4,289.66 (9.1) 
2018 12.92 9.3 4,717.27 9.6 
 
Source: The City 
 
Sewage Treatment Requirements 
 
The following table indicates historical sewage treatment requirement of the City  but does not include that 
portion of the City that is served by the Johnson County Wastewater District. 
 
 Average Daily Flow Annual Demand 
Year 
Gallons 
(in millions) 
Percent Increase/ 
(Decrease) 
Gallons 
(in millions) 
Percent Increase/ 
(Decrease) 
2022 6.23 (2.8%) 2,306 (1.4%) 
2021 6.41 12.9 2,338 11.8 
2020 5.51 (20.0) 2,011 (20.0) 
2019 6.88 33.6 2,535 33.5 
2018 5.15 (8.0) 1,899 (7.1) 
 
Source: The City  
17 
 
Water and Sewer Peak Daily Demand 
 
The following table indicates the peak daily demand of the water system and the maximum daily flow for the 
sewage treatment system for each of the last five years. 
  
Year 
Water System 
Peak Daily Demand 
(in millions of gallons) 
Sewage System 
Maximum Daily Flow 
(in millions of gallons) 
2022 26.51 23.30 
2021 24.37 30.98 
2020 22.41 25.20 
2019 22.50 36.34 
2018 25.26 35.20 
    
Source: The City 
 
Largest Customers  
 
 The following table lists the ten largest users of the System based on the percentage of total 2022 revenue 
generated by each. 
 
Water System 
Customer Type of Enterprise 
2022 
Water Billing 
Total 2022 
Water System 
Revenue 
(%) 
1. Rural Water District No. 6* Rural Water $571,792 2.6% 
2. New Century Air Center Wholesale 396,484 1.8 
3. Rural Water District No. 7* Rural Water 355,467 1.6 
4. FSI Santa Barbara Property LLC Multi-Family 157,880 0.7 
5. Olathe Medical Center Hospital 149,938 0.7 
6. Cintas Services 63,522 0.3 
7. Geiger Ready Mix Industrial 47,913 0.2 
8. Green Lantern Car Wash LLC Car Wash 45,810 0.2 
9. QuikTrip Services 43,562 0.2 
10. Garmin International Industrial 43,019 0.2 
 
*As discussed under “Wholesale Supply Agreements” below, these rural water districts consolidated in 2017. The separate listings 
in this table represent the formerly-separate service areas of Rural Water District No. 6 and Rural Water District No. 7. 
 
Sewer System  
Customer Type of Enterprise 
2022 
Sewer Billing 
Total 2022 
Sewage System 
Revenue 
(%) 
1. Olathe Medical Center Hospital $125,252 0.8% 
2. Cintas Services 116,608 0.7 
3. Green Lantern Car Wash LLC Car Wash 89,922 0.6 
4. AMC Theaters Mail Stop 4 Industrial 56,713 0.4 
5. Good Samaritan Center Multi-Family 54,300 0.3 
6. Villa St. Francis Multi-Family 53,764 0.3 
7. ExxonMobil Grease Plant Industrial 53,155 0.3 
8. HAMM Incorporated Industrial 52,946 0.3 
9. Jefferson on the Lake Multi-Family 47,570 0.3 
10. Johnson County Adult Detention Government 46,989 0.3  
18 
 
Wholesale Supply Agreements 
 
The City has entered wholesale contracts with Rural Water District No. 7 and Johnson County, Kansas, for 
the sale of treated water. Rural Water District No. 7 has been party to a wholesale contract to purchase water from the 
City since at least 1992, and currently receives 100% of its water supply from the City.  
 
In 2017, Rural Water District No. 7 acquired the former Rural Water District No. 6.  Rural Water District 
No. 7 currently has two separate wholesale connections with the City. The first wholesale connection serves Rural 
Water District No. 7’s historic service territory (prior to the merger with Rural Water District No. 6). In 202 2, 
payments under the City’s wholesale contract with Rural Water District No. 7 for its historic service territory 
comprised 1.6% of the total water system revenues. The City’s current wholesale contract with Rural Water District 
No. 7 for its historic service territory expires in 2031, but is subject to alteration, extension, amendment, or termination 
during its term by mutual consent of the parties. 
 
The second wholesale connection serves the former Rural Water District No. 6 territory, which purchased 
water from the City prior to its merger into Rural Water District No. 7. Payments from Rural Water District No. 7 for 
the former Rural Water District No. 6 territory  comprised approximately 2.6% of the total water system revenues in 
2022. For this wholesale connection, the parties are operating under the terms of an agreement most recently updated 
in 2020. It is anticipated that the former Rural Water District No. 6 will begin to receive its water from another supplier 
in the area starting in 2024 , and the City will no longer provide service to or receive revenue from this wholesale 
connection. 
 
The Board of County Commissioners of Johnson County, Kansas, has been party to a wholesale water 
contract to purchase water from the City for delivery to New Century Air Center since October 2015. Payments from 
this wholesale agreement comprised 1.8% of th e total 2022 water system revenues. The City’s current wholesale 
contract with the Board of County Commissioners relating to New Century Air Center expires in 2035, but is subject 
to alteration, extension, amendment, or termination during its term by mutua l consent of the parties. 
 
Capital Projects  
 
The City’s Capital Improvements Program for fiscal years 2023-2027 includes capital projects for the System 
totaling approximately $ 118 million. The City currently anticipates issuing System revenue bonds over the next 5 
years in an aggregate amount of approximately $73 million (including the portion of the Series 2023 Bonds financing 
the Project) to provide a portion of the funds for such  System improvements, with the balance of the funds coming  
from other available sources. See “APPENDIX A – DEBT STRUCTURE – Future Financing” for more information. 
 
Outstanding Debt of the System 
 
Revenue Debt (“Parity Bonds”) 
Dated Date 
Of Issue 
Original 
Amount Purpose 
Final 
Maturity 
Principal 
Outstanding 
As of  
Dated Date(a) 
12/18/2012  $9,585,000  Water & Sewer Improvements, 2012 7/1/2032 $4,815,000  
10/1/2015  18,895,000  Water & Sewer Improvements, 2015 7/1/2035 12,835,000 
4/4/2017  11,340,000  Water & Sewer Imp. and Refunding, 2017 7/1/2037 8,210,000 
4/3/2018  11,580,000  Water & Sewer Improvements, 2018 7/1/2038 9,510,000 
4/18/2019  16,360,000  Water & Sewer Imp. and Refunding, 2019 7/1/2039 13,715,000 
5/19/2020  13,335,000  Water & Sewer Imp. and Refunding, 2020 7/1/2040 10,460,000 
5/20/2021 35,270,000 Water & Sewer Imp. and Refunding, 2021 7/1/2041 30,730,000 
7/12/2022 11,740,000 Water & Sewer Improvements, 2022 7/1/2042 11,305,000 
7/11/2023 5,280,000 Water & Sewer Improvements, 2023 7/1/2043 5,280,000 
  Total  $106,860,000 
 
(a) Does not include principal payments payable on July 1, 2023.  
19 
 
State Revolving Fund Loans 
 
The City has entered into loan agreements  (listed below)  with the State of Kansas to finance various 
construction improvements to the City ’s water and wastewater treatment systems.  Payments for these loans are 
subordinate to the payment of the Parity Bonds listed above.   
 
The state revolving fund loans (the “SRF Loans ”) represent general obligations of the City payable, 
ultimately, from the City ’s ability to levy unlimited ad valorem taxes; however, the City intends to provide for 
payments on the SRF Loans with Net Revenues of the water and sewer system.  The revolving fund loan agreements 
dedicate revenues of the System, subordinate to the Series 2023 Bonds and the Parity Bonds. 
 
Purpose of 
Indebtedness 
Dated 
Date 
Final 
Payment Date 
Original 
Principal  
Amount 
Amount 
Outstanding  
as of 3/31/2023 
Cedar Creek WWTP Sludge 07/16/03 09/01/24 $2,184,000  $211,567 
Cedar Creek WWTP Effluent 03/07/06 09/01/26 768,500 179,445 
42” Finished Water Transmission 11/13/07 09/01/28 16,883,916 6,413,328 
Cedar Creek WWTP Expansion 03/09/09 03/01/29 5,000,000 1,787,118 
   Total  $8,591,158 
 
General Obligation Bonds 
 
In 2011, the City issued $17,510,000 General Obligation Refunding Bonds, Series 220 (the “Series 220 
Bonds”), the proceeds of which were used to refinance a loan agreement with the State of Kansas for improvements 
to the City ’s water system.  The outstandin g principal  of the Series 220 Bonds  in the amount of $5,950,000 was 
refunded in July 2021 by a portion of the proceeds of the City’s General Obligation Improvement and Refunding 
Bonds, Series 234 (the “Series 234 Bonds”). A s of the Dated Date, the approxim ate remaining debt service  on the 
Series 234 Bonds allocable to the refunding of the Series 2020 Bonds is $4,381,369 with the final maturity in 2025 . 
The Series 234 Bonds are general obligations of the City payable from the City’s ability to levy unlimited ad valorem 
taxes. The revenues of the System are not pledged to repayment of the Series 234 Bonds. However, the City intends 
to provide for payments on portion of the Series 234 Bonds allocable to refunding the Series 220 Bonds from Net 
Revenues of the System. Repayment of the Series 234 Bonds is subordinate to the Parity Bonds and the SRF Loans. 
 
 
[Balance of page intentionally left blank] 
   
20 
Debt Service Requirement of the System 
 
The following table shows the debt service requirements  for all Parity Bonds as of the D ated Date of the 
Series 2023 Bonds. 
 
  Series 2023 Bonds  
Year 
Existing  
Parity Bonds(1) Principal Interest 
Total Principal 
and Interest 
2023        $9,346,794  -- --  $9,346,794  
2024 9,348,063   $170,000   $223,028   9,741,090  
2025 9,341,863   175,000   220,900   9,737,763  
2026 9,360,563   185,000   212,150   9,757,713  
2027 9,368,338   190,000   202,900   9,761,238  
2028 9,365,844   200,000   193,400   9,759,244  
2029 9,227,969   210,000   183,400   9,621,369  
2030 9,023,556   225,000   172,900   9,421,456  
2031 8,662,781   235,000   161,650   9,059,431  
2032 8,666,388   245,000   149,900   9,061,288  
2033 7,896,031   255,000   140,100   8,291,131  
2034 7,901,025   265,000   129,900   8,295,925  
2035 7,893,413   275,000   119,300   8,287,713  
2036 6,159,063   285,000   108,300   6,552,363  
2037 4,261,363   300,000   96,900   4,658,263  
2038 3,587,194   310,000   84,900   3,982,094  
2039 2,767,113   325,000   72,500   3,164,613  
2040 1,719,444   335,000   59,500   2,113,944  
2041 1,471,950   350,000   46,100   1,868,050  
2042         797,513   365,000   31,663   1,194,175  
2043 --   380,000   16,150   396,150  
 $136,166,263 $5,280,000 $2,625,540 $144,071,803 
 
(1) Represents total principal and interest; does not take into account amounts in the respective bond reserve funds for each of 
the City’s outstanding Parity Bonds. Per each respective Parity Bond Resolution, bond reserve funds are expected to pay the 
last outstanding bonds of the respective bonds for which the bond reserve fund was created, whether at maturity or earlier 
redemption. Approximately 69% of Existing Parity Bonds principal is scheduled to mature within approximately ten years.   
 
 
[Balance of page intentionally left blank] 
  
21 
RISK FACTORS AND INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
 
A PROSPECTIVE PURCHASER OF THE SERIES 2023 BONDS DESCRIBED HEREIN SHOULD BE 
AWARE THAT THERE ARE CERTAIN RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH THE SERIES 2023  BONDS WHICH 
MUST BE RECOGNIZED.  THE FOLLOWING STATEMENTS REGARDING CERTAIN RISKS 
ASSOCIATED WITH THE OFFERING SHOULD NOT BE CONSIDERED AS A COMPLETE DESCRIPTION 
OF ALL RISKS TO BE CONSIDERED IN THE DECISION TO PURCHASE THE SERIES 2023  BONDS.  
PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS OF THE SERIES 2023  BONDS SHOULD ANALYZE CAREFULLY THE 
INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS OFFICIAL STATEMENT AND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION IN 
THE FORM OF THE C OMPLETE DOCUMENTS SUMMARIZED HEREIN, COPIES OF WHICH ARE 
AVAILABLE AND MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE ISSUER OR THE UNDERWRITER.  
 
Legal Matters 
 
 Various state and federal laws, regulations and constitutional provisions apply to the obligations created by 
the Series 2023 Bonds.  There is no assurance that there will not be any change in, interpretation of, or addition to 
such applicable laws, provisions and regulations which would have a material effect, either directly or indirectly, on 
the Issuer or the taxing authority of the Issuer. 
 
Limitations on Remedies Available to Owners of Series 2023 Bonds 
 
 The enforceability of the rights and remedies of the owners of Series 2023 Bonds, and the obligations incurred 
by the Issuer in issuing the Series 2023  Bonds, are subject to the following: the federal Bankruptcy Code and 
applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, or similar laws relating to or affecting the enforcement 
of creditors ’ rights generally, now or hereafter in effect; usual equit y principles which may limit the specific 
enforcement under state law of certain remedies; the exercise by the United States of America of the powers delegated 
to it by the United States Constitution; and the reasonable and necessary exercise, in certain unusual situations, of the 
police power inherent in the State of Kansas and its governmental subdivisions in the interest of serving a legitimate 
and significant public purpose.  Bankruptcy proceedings, or the exercise of powers by the federal or state government, 
if initiated, could subject the owners of the Series 2023 Bonds to judicial discretion and interpretation of their rights 
in bankruptcy and otherwise, and consequently may involve risks of delay, limitation or modification of their rights.  
 
Special Obligations 
 
 The Series 2023 Bonds are special, limited obligations of the Issuer.  Neither the Series 2023 Bonds nor the 
interest thereon constitute a general obligation or indebtedness of, nor is the payment thereof guaranteed by, the Issuer, 
or any governmental subdivision, agency or instrumentality.  The Series 2023 Bonds are not payable in any manner 
from tax revenues. 
 
Debt Service Source 
 
 The Series 2023 Bonds are payable solely from the Net Revenues.  While the future ability of the Issuer to 
meet its obligations under the Bond Resolution is based upon assumptions and business judgments which the Issuer 
believes are reasonable and appropriate, they are subject to conditions which may change in the future to an extent 
that presently cannot be deter mined.  Thus, no assurance can be given that revenues will be realized by the Issuer in 
amounts sufficient to pay the principal of and interest on the Series 2023 Bonds as they become due. 
 
Bond Reserve Account 
 
 Pursuant to the Bond Resolution, an amount equal to the Bond Reserve Requirement will be deposited in the 
Bond Reserve Account.  Moneys in the Bond Reserve Account may be invested in Permitted Investments.  Moneys, 
including such Permitted Investments, may be applied by the Issuer to prevent defaul t in payment of the principal of 
and interest on the Parity Bonds in accordance with the Bond Resolution in the event funds on hand in the Principal 
and Interest Account are insufficient to provide funds for payments due on any Payment Date.  In the event the Issuer 
is required to sell such Permitted Investments for such purpose, the price realized upon such sale may not equal the 
Bond Reserve Requirement.  
22 
 
 In the event of a default by the Issuer under the Bond Resolution, moneys deposited in the Bond Reserve 
Account may, under certain circumstances and, ordinarily under the supervision of and under order of the courts, be 
applied for purposes other than payment of the Parity Bonds.  Such purposes may include preservation of and security 
for the System, mai ntenance of insurance, payment of expenses incurred in attempting to operate the System and 
payment of other similar costs. 
 
State and Federal Regulation 
 
 The rates, fees and charges for water and sewer  service through the System as currently constructed and 
operated will be exempt from rate regulation by the Kansas Corporation Commission.  The precise nature and extent 
future governmental regulation and the resulting impact of such regulation on the ope ration and profitability of the 
System cannot now be determined.  The Issuer has covenanted in the Bond Resolution to comply with all such 
governmental regulation. 
 
Kansas Public Employees Retirement System 
 
As described in “APPENDIX A – FINANCIAL INFORMATION – Pension and Employee Retirement 
Plans,” the Issuer participates in the Kansas Public Employees Retirement System (“KPERS”), as an instrumentality 
of the State to provide retirement and related benefits to public employees in Kansas.  KPERS administers three 
statewide defined benefit retirement plans for public employees which are separate and distinct with different 
membership groups, actuarial assumptions, experience, contribution rates and benefit options.  The Issuer participates 
in the Police and Firemen’s Retirement System (“KP&F”) and the Public Employees Retirement System – Local 
Group (the “Plan”).  Under existing law, employees make contributions and the Issuer  makes all employer 
contributions to the Plan; neither the employees nor t he Issuer are directly responsible for any unfunded accrued 
actuarial liability (“UAAL”).  However, the Plan contribution rates may be adjusted by legislative action over time to 
address any UAAL.  According to KPERS’ Valuation Report, the Local Group had an UAAL of approximately $1.783 
billion in calendar year 2021 and KP&F had an UAAL of approximately $1.140 billion. 
 
Taxation of Interest on the Series 2023 Bonds 
 
 An opinion of Bond Counsel will be obtained to the effect that interest earned on the Series 2023 Bonds is 
excludable from gross income for federal income tax purposes under current provisions of the Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), and applicable rulings and regulations under the Code; however, an application for 
a ruling has not been made and an opinion of counsel is not binding upon the Internal Revenue Service.  There can be 
no assurance that the present provisions of the Code, o r the rules and regulations thereunder, will not be adversely 
amended or modified, thereby rendering the interest earned on the Series 2023 Bonds includable in gross income for 
federal income tax purposes. 
 
 The Issuer has covenanted in the Bond Resolution and in other documents and certificates to be delivered in 
connection with the issuance of the Series 2023 Bonds to comply with the provisions of the Code, including those 
which require the Issuer to take or omit to take certain actions after the issuance  of the Series 2023 Bonds.  Because 
the existence and continuation of the excludability of the interest on the Series 2023  Bonds depends upon events 
occurring after the date of issuance of the Series 2023 Bonds, the opinion of Bond Counsel described under “TAX 
MATTERS” assumes the compliance by the Issuer with the provisions of the Code described above and the regulations 
relating thereto.  No opinion is expressed by Bond Counsel with respect to the excludability of the interest on the 
Series 2023 Bonds in the event of noncompliance with such provisions.  The failure of the Issuer to comply with the 
provisions described above may cause the interest on the Series 2023 Bonds to become includable in gross income as 
of the date of issuance. 
 
Premium on Series 2023 Bonds 
 
 The initial offering prices of certain maturities of the Series 2023  Bonds that are subject to optional 
redemption may be in excess of the respective principal amounts thereof.  Any person who purchases a Series 2023 
Bond in excess of its principal amount, whether during the initial offering or in a secondary market transaction, should  
23 
consider that the Series 2023 Bonds are subject to redemption at par under the various circumstances described under 
“THE SERIES 2023 BONDS – Redemption Provisions.” 
 
No Additional Interest or Mandatory Redemption upon Event of Taxability  
 
 The Bond Resolution does not provide for the payment of additional interest or penalty on the Series 2023 
Bonds or the mandatory redemption thereof if the interest thereon become s includable in gross income for federal 
income tax purposes.  Likewise, the Bond Resolution does not provide for the payment of any additional interest or 
penalty on the Series 2023 Bonds if the interest thereon becomes subject to income taxation by the State. 
 
Suitability of Investment 
 
 An investment in the Series 2023 Bonds involves a certain degree of risk.  The interest rate borne by the 
Series 2023 Bonds (as compared to prevailing interest rates on more secure tax exempt bonds such as those which 
constitute general obligations of fiscally sound municipalities) is intended to compensate the investor for assuming 
this element of risk.  Furthermore, the tax exempt feature of the Series 2023 Bonds is more valuable to high tax bracket 
investors than to investors who are in low tax brackets, and so the value of the interest compensation to any particular 
investor will vary with individual tax rates.  Each prospe ctive investor should carefully examine this Official 
Statement, including the Appendices hereto, and its own financial condition to make a judgment as to its ability to 
bear the economic risk of such an investment, and whether or not the Series 2023 Bonds are an appropriate investment. 
 
Market for the Series 2023 Bonds 
 
 Bond Rating.  The Series 2023 Bonds have been assigned the financial rating set forth in the section hereof 
entitled “BOND RATING.”  There is no assurance that a particular rating will remain in effect for any given period 
of time or that it will not be revised, either downward or upward, o r withdrawn entirely, if in the judgment of the 
agency originally establishing such rating, circumstances so warrant.  Any downward revision or withdrawal of any 
rating may have an adverse affect on the market price of the Series 2023 Bonds. 
 
 Secondary Market.  There is no assurance that a secondary market will develop for the purchase and sale of 
the Series 2023 Bonds.  Prices of bonds traded in the secondary market, though, are subject to adjustment upward and 
downward in response to changes in the credit markets.  From time to time it may be necessary to suspend indefinitely 
secondary market trading in the Series 2023 Bonds as a result of financial condition or market position of broker -
dealers, prevailing market conditions, lack of adequate current fina ncial information about the Issuer, or a material 
adverse change in the financial condition of the Issuer, whether or not the Series 2023  Bonds are in default as to 
principal and interest payments, and other factors which may give rise to uncertainty conce rning prudent secondary 
market practices. 
 
Cybersecurity Risks 
 
 Security breaches, including electronic break-ins, computer viruses, attacks by hackers and similar breaches 
could create disruptions or shutdowns of the Issuer and the services it provides, or the unauthorized disclosure of 
confidential personal, health -related, credit and other information.  If a security breach occurs, the Issuer may incur 
significant costs to remediate possible injury to the affected persons, and the Issuer may be subject to sanctions and 
civil penalties.  Any failure to maintain proper  functionality and security of information systems could interrupt the 
Issuer’s operations, delay receipt of revenues, damage its reputation, subject it to liability claims or regulatory penalties 
and could have a material adverse effect on its operations, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
Natural Disasters or Terrorist Attacks 
 
 The occurrence of a terrorist attack or natural disasters, such as fires, tornados, earthquakes, floods or 
droughts, could damage the Issuer and its systems and infra structure, and  interrupt services or otherwise impair 
operations of the Issuer. 
  
24 
COVID-19 Pandemic 
 
On March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization proclaimed the Coronavirus (COVID -19) to be a 
pandemic. In an effort to lessen the risk of transmission of COVID-19, the United States government, state and local 
governments and private industries have taken measures to limit social interactions in an effort to limit the spread of 
COVID-19, affecting business activities and impacting global, state and local co mmerce and financial markets.  The 
Governor of the State issued various Executive Orders in response to the COVID -19 pandemic, including Executive 
Orders temporarily preventing foreclosures and evictions, deferring certain tax deadlines and payments, insti tuting a 
temporary State-wide stay-at-home (expired as of May  2020), and instituting a mask mandate which granted each 
county the right to opt out of such order. 
 
The COVID-19 pandemic could result in increased costs to the Issuer and/or negative impacts o n revenue 
collections, including revenues of the System (a primary source of revenue for the Issuer which are essential to 
repayment of the Series 2023 Bonds) due to increased payment delinquencies or disruption of the System’s operations 
and revenue collections. Limited commercial activity may also negatively impact supply chain operations and disrupt 
the System’s capability to timely acquire goods and services. As of the date hereof, the Issuer has not experienced 
material adverse changes relating to expenditures or receipt of revenues related to the System.  
 
State and local governmental authorities continue efforts to contain and limit the spread of COVID -19.  
Future revenue collections, including revenues of the System, may deviate from historical or anticipated levels. 
 
The emergence of COVID -19 and the spread thereof is an emerging and evolving issue.  The Issuer is not 
able to predict and makes no representations as to the economic impact of the COVID -19 pandemic on the Issuer  or 
the System. 
 
 
BOND RATING 
 
S&P Global Ratings, a division of S&P Global Inc., has assigned a rating of “AA” to the Series 2023 Bonds.  
 
 Such rating reflects only the view of such rating agency, and an explanation of the significance of such rating 
may be obtained therefrom.  No such rating constitutes a recommendation to buy, sell, or hold any bonds, including 
the Series 2023 Bonds, or as to the market price or suitability thereof for a particular investor.   There is no assurance 
that a particular rating will remain in effect for any given period of time or that it will not be revised, either downward 
or upward, or withdrawn entirely, if in the judgment of the  agency originally establishing such rating, circumstances 
so warrant.  Any downward revision or withdrawal of any rating may have an adverse affect on the market price of 
the Series 2023 Bonds. 
 
 
ABSENCE OF LITIGATION 
 
The Issuer, in the ordinary course o f business, is a party to various legal proceedings.  In the opinion of 
management of the Issuer, any judgment rendered against the Issuer in such proceedings would not materially adversely 
affect the financial position of the Issuer. 
 
 There is no controversy, suit or other proceedings of any kind pending or threatened wherein or whereby any 
question is raised or may be raised, questioning, disputing or affecting in any way the legal organization of the Issuer 
or its boundaries, or the right or title of an y of its officers to their respective offices, or the legality of any official act 
shown to have been done in the transcript leading up to the issuance of the Series 2023 Bonds, or the constitutionality 
or validity of the indebtedness represented by the Series 2023 Bonds shown to be authorized in the transcript, or the 
validity of the Series 2023 Bonds or any of the proceedings in relation to the issuance or sale thereof, or the pledging 
of the Net Revenues of the System to pay the principal of and interest thereon. 
 
  
25 
LEGAL MATTERS 
 
Approval of Series 2023 Bonds 
 
 All matters incident to the authorization and issuance of the Series 2023 Bonds are subject to the approval of 
Gilmore & Bell, P.C., Kansas City, Missouri  (“Bond Counsel”).  The factual and financial information appearing 
herein has been supplied or reviewed by certain officials of the Issuer and its certified public accountants, as referred 
to herein.  Bond Counsel has part icipated in the preparation of the Official Statement but expresses n o opinion as to 
the accuracy or sufficiency thereof, except for the matters appearing in the sections of this Official Statement captioned 
“THE SERIES 2023  BONDS,” “LEGAL MATTERS, ” “TAX MATTERS ,” “APPENDIX B  – FORM OF  
CONTINUING DISCLOSURE UNDERTAKING, ” and “APPENDIX E  – SUMMARY OF FINANCING 
DOCUMENTS.”  Payment of the legal fee of Bond Counsel is contingent upon the delivery of the Series 2023 Bonds.   
 
 
TAX MATTERS 
 
 The following is a summary of the material federal and State of Kansas income tax consequences of holding 
and disposing of the Series 2023 Bonds.  This summary is based upon laws, regulations, rulings and judicial decisions 
now in effect, all of which are subject to change (possibly on a retroactive basis).  This summary does not discuss all 
aspects of federal income taxation that may be relevant to investors in light of their personal investment circumstances 
or describe the tax consequences to certain types of holders subject to special treatment under the federal income tax 
laws (for example, dealers in securities or other persons who do not hold the Series 2023 Bonds as a capital asset, tax-
exempt organizations, individual retirement accounts and other tax deferred accounts, and foreign taxpayers), and, 
except for the income tax laws of the State of Kansas, does not discuss the consequences to an owner under state, local 
or foreign tax laws.  The summary does not deal with the tax treatment of persons who purchase the Series 2023 Bonds 
in the secondary market.  Prospective investors are advised to consult their own tax advisors regarding federal, state, 
local and other tax considerations of holding and disposing of the Series 2023 Bonds. 
 
Opinion of Bond Counsel 
 
 In the opinion of Bond Counsel, under the law existing as of the issue date of the Series 2023 Bonds: 
 
 Federal Tax Exemption.  The interest on the Series 2023 Bonds is excludable from gross income for federal 
income tax purposes. 
 
 Alternative Minimum Tax.  The i nterest on the Series 2023  Bonds is not an item of tax preference for 
purposes of computing the federal alternative minimum tax. 
 
 Bank Qualification.  The Series 2023 Bonds have not been designated as “qualified tax-exempt obligations” 
for purposes of Code § 265(b). 
 
 Kansas Tax Exemption.  The interest on the Series 2023 Bonds is exempt from income taxation by the State 
of Kansas. 
 
 Bond Counsel’s opinions are provided as of the date of the original issue of the Series 2023 Bonds, subject 
to the condition that the Issuer comply with all requirements of the Code that must be satisfied subsequent to the 
issuance of the Series 2023 Bonds in order that interest thereon be, or continue to be, excludable from gross income 
for federal income tax purposes.  The Issuer has covenanted to comply with all such requirements.  Failure to comply 
with certain of such requirements may cause the inclusion of interest on the Series 2023 Bonds in gross income for 
federal income tax purposes retroactive to the date of issuance of the Series 2023 Bonds.  Bond Counsel is expressing 
no opinion regarding other federal, state or local tax consequences arising with respect to the Series 2023 Bonds. 
 
Other Tax Consequences 
 
 Original Issue Premium.  For federal income tax purposes, premium is the excess of the issue price of a 
Series 2023 Bond over its stated redemption price at maturity. The stated redemption price at maturity of a Series  
26 
2023 Bond is the sum of all payments on the Series 2023 Bond other than “qualified stated interest” (i.e., interest 
unconditionally payable at least annually at a single fixed rate). The issue price of a Series 2023 Bond is generally the 
first price at which a substantial amount of the Series 2023 Bonds of that maturity have been sold to the public.  Under 
Code § 171, premium on tax-exempt obligations amortizes over the term of the Series 2023 Bond using constant yield 
principles, based on the purchaser’s yield to maturity.  As premium is amortized, the owner’s basis in the Series 2023 
Bond and the amount of tax-exempt interest received will be reduced by the amount of amortizable premium properly 
allocable to the owner, which will result in an increase in the gain (or decrease in the loss) to be recognized for federal 
income tax purposes on sale or disposition of the Series 2023 Bond prior to its maturity.  Even though the owner’s 
basis is reduced, no federal income tax deduction is allowed.  Prospective investors should consult their own tax 
advisors concerning the calculation and accrual of premium. 
 
 Sale, Exchange or Retirement of Bonds .  Upon the sale, exchange or retirement (including redemption) of 
a Series 2023 Bond, an owner of the Series 2023 Bond generally will recognize gain or loss in an amount equal to the 
difference between the amount of cash and the fair market value of any property received on the sale, exchange or 
retirement of the Series 2023 Bond (other than in respect of accrued and  unpaid interest) and such owner ’s adjusted 
tax basis in the Series 2023 Bond.  To the extent the Series 2023 Bonds are held as a capital asset, such gain or loss 
will be capital gain or loss and will be long -term capital gain or loss if the Series 2023 Bond has been held for more 
than 12 months at the time of sale, exchange or retirement. 
 
 Reporting Requirements.  In general, information reporting requirements will apply to certain payments of 
principal, interest and premium paid on Series 2023 Bonds, and to the proceeds paid on the sale of Series 2023 Bonds, 
other than certain exempt recipients (such as corporations and foreign entities).  A backup withholding tax will apply 
to such payments if the owner fails to provide a taxpayer identification number o r certification of foreign or other 
exempt status or fails to report in full dividend and interest income.  The amount of any backup withholding from a 
payment to an owner will be allowed as a credit against the owner’s federal income tax liability. 
 
 Collateral Federal Income Tax Consequences.  Prospective purchasers of the Series 2023 Bonds should be 
aware that ownership of the Series 2023 Bonds may result in collateral federal income tax consequences to certain 
taxpayers, including, without limitation, financial institutions, property and casualty insurance companies, individual 
recipients of Social Security or Railroad Retirement benefits, certain S corporations with “excess net passive income,” 
foreign corporations subject to the branch profits tax, life insurance companies, and taxpayers who may be deemed to 
have incurred or continued indebtedness to purchase or carry or have paid or incurred certain expenses allocable to 
the Series 2023 Bonds.  Bond Counsel expresses no opinion regarding these tax cons equences.  Purchasers of Series 
2023 Bonds should consult their tax advisors as to the applicability of these tax consequences and other federal income 
tax consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposition of the Series 2023  Bonds, including the poss ible 
application of state, local, foreign and other tax laws. 
 
 Bond Counsel notes that for tax years beginning after December 31, 2022, the interest on the Series 2023 
Bonds may be included in adjusted financial statement income of applicable corporations for purposes of determining 
the applicability and amount of the federal corporate alternative minimum tax. 
 
 
FINANCIAL ADVISOR 
 
 Columbia Capital Management, LLC , Merriam, Kansas , has acted as Financial Advisor to the Issuer in 
connection with the sale of the Series 2023 Bonds.  The Financial Advisor is a “municipal advisor” as defined in the 
Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010.  The Financial Advisor has assisted the Issuer 
in the preparation of this Official Sta tement and in other matters relating to the issuance of the Series 2023 Bonds. 
The Financial Advisor has not, however, independently verified the factual information contained in this Official 
Statement. The Financial Advisor will not be a manager or a member of any underwriting group submitting a proposal 
for the purchase of the Series 2023 Bonds.  
 
 
 
 
  
27 
UNDERWRITING 
 
 The Series 2023  Bonds have been sold at public sale by the Issuer to TD Securities (USA) LLC  (the 
“Underwriter”) on the basis of lowest true interest cost.  Five (5) bids were received by the Issuer.  The Underwriter 
has agreed, subject to certain conditions, to purchase the Series 2023 Bonds at a price equal to the principal amount 
of the Series 2023 Bonds, plus accrued interest from the Dated Date to the Issue Date, plus a premium of $269,142.30, 
less an underwriting discount of $50,160.00. 
 
 The Series 2023 Bonds will be offered to the public initially at the prices determined to produce the yield to 
maturity or applicable redemption date set forth on the inside cover page of this Official Statement. The Underwriter 
may offer and sell the Series 2023 Bonds to certain dealers (including dealers depositing the Series 2023 Bonds into 
investment trusts) at prices other than the price stated on the inside cover page hereof and may change the initial 
offering price from time to time subsequent to the date hereof.  In connection with the offering, the Underwriter may 
over allot or effect transactions which stabilize or maintain the market price of the Series 2023 Bonds at a level above 
that which might otherwise prevail in the open market.  Such stabilizing, if commenced, may be discontinued at any 
time. 
 
 
AUTHORIZATION OF OFFICIAL STATEMENT 
 
 The preparation of this Official Statement and its distribution has been authorized by the governing body of 
the Issuer as of the date on the cover page hereof.  This Official Statement is submitted in connection with the issuance 
of the Series 2023 Bonds and may not be reproduced or used as a whole or in part for any other purpose.  This Official 
Statement does not constitute a contract between the Issuer or the Underwriter and any one or more of the purchasers, 
Owners or Beneficial Owners of the Series 2023 Bonds 
 
 
 
[Balance of page intentionally left blank] 
 
 
 
 
 (THIS PAGE LEFT BLANK INTENTIONALLY) 
 A-1 
APPENDIX A 
 
INFORMATION CONCERNING THE ISSUER 
 
 
 
 
 
 (THIS PAGE LEFT BLANK INTENTIONALLY) 
 A-1 
APPENDIX A 
 
INFORMATION CONCERNING THE ISSUER 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
Size and Location 
 
 The City of Olathe (the “City”) is the county seat of Johnson County, Kansas, (the “County”) and is located 
approximately 20 miles southwest of downtown Kansa s City.  The City encompasses approximately 63.24 square 
miles and has a current estimated population of 151,780 people. 
 
Government and Organization of the Issuer 
 
 The City was incorporated in 1857 and is a city of the first class. 
 
 The City operates under the Mayor -Council form of government.  The mayor is elected at -large for a four -
year term. Four members are elected (non -partisan) by wards for four -year terms and  two members are elected at -
large to four-year terms. 
 
 The City Manager is appointed by the Mayor and City Council as the chief administrative officer of the City 
and is charged with the efficient and effective administration of the City. The current City Manager, J. Michael Wilkes, 
was appointed in 1999. The following tables list the principal elected officials and appointed executive officers of the 
City. 
 
Elected Officials 
 
 
Name 
 
Title 
Current Term 
Expires 
John Bacon Mayor 2024 
Kevin Gilmore Mayor Pro Tem and  
Council Member, At-Large 
2026 
Robyn Essex Council Member, Ward 1 2024 
Adam Mickelson Council Member, Ward 2 2024 
LeEtta Felter Council Member, Ward 3 2026 
Marge Vogt Council Member, Ward 4 2026 
Wes McCoy Council Member, At-Large 2024 
 
Key Administrative Officials 
 
 
Name 
 
Title 
Employed 
Since 
J. Michael Wilkes City Manager 1999 
Susan Sherman Deputy City Manager 1989 
Briana Burrichter Chief Financial Officer 2022 
Ronald R. Shaver City Attorney 2005 
Brenda Swearingian City Clerk 2013 
 
Municipal Services and Utilities 
 
 The City owns and operates its own water and sewer utility systems. The water system includes two sources 
of supply, a water treatment plant, and treated water storage facilities. In addition, Johnson County Water District No. 
1 provides water service to a portion of the City and for northeast Johnson County from its well  fields in the Kansas 
River Valley and water supply intakes on the Kansas River and Missouri River. 
 
The City operates two wastewater treatment plants and one lagoon system. Johnson County Wastewater 
serves a portion of east Olathe. The City handles all residential solid waste disposal. Commercial solid waste disposal 
is handled by the City and private contractors.  
 A-2 
 
Evergy, Inc. provides electrical service to the City as well as the majority of the greater Kansas City 
metropolitan area. Ample electricity is  available to meet the City’s future needs. The City receives its natural gas 
supply from Atmos Energy Corporation. 
 
Telephone service is supplied by AT&T, which serves most of the metropolitan area, and several other 
smaller suppliers. AT&T provides prototype fiber optic network services to a large, upscale residential subdivision in 
the City. Several cellular phone companies service the City. Google Fiber network is available in many Olathe 
neighborhoods providing high-speed internet access.  
 
Police and Fire Protection 
 
The City’s police department has approximately 22 2 police personnel providing continuous full -time 
protection to the City. The City currently has eight fire stations. The City’s fire department has a staff of approximately 
168 full-time employees providing round -the-clock fire protection for the City. Johnson County Med -Act provides 
ambulance services to the City. 
 
Transportation 
 
 The City has easy access to I -435 and I-35, which provides direct access to other U.S., Interstate, and State 
highways in the metropolitan area. I -435 encircles the greater Kansas City area. Kansas City International Airport 
(MCI) is located about 30 miles north of the City and is easily accessible via the interstate system. The County operates 
both Johnson County Executive Airport located in Olathe and New Century AirCenter located less than one mile from 
the City. The New Century AirCenter is FAA certified with full instrument control approach systems. Kansas City 
Area Transportation Authority provides daily bus service for commuters to and from downtown Kansas City through 
its Ride KC bus system. BNSF provides freight rail service. 
 
Education 
 
 The City is predominantly served by Unified School District No. 233 (the “District”), with a total of 3 6 
elementary schools, ten middle schools, and five high schools. The District ranks as the second largest in the State of 
Kansas with enrollment of approximately 29,043 students as of September 20, 2022 . The City also reaches into the 
boundaries of four other public school districts: Blue Valley Unified School District No. 229, Spring Hill Unified 
School District No. 230, Gardner Edgerton Unified School District No. 231, and De Soto Unified School District No. 
232. Approximately ten private schools are also located in the City. 
 
 The City is home to Mid America Nazarene University with an estimated enrollment of 1,800. A wide variety 
of high -level educational opportunities are available in communities surrounding the City. Johnson County  
Community College is less than three miles east of the City limits. The University of Kansas Edwards Campus is 
located approximately one mile east of the City offering a variety of undergraduate and graduate classes. Numerous 
additional private and public colleges and universities such as Avila College, Rockhurst University, and the University 
of Missouri-Kansas City are all located within a short driving distance of the City. Kansas State University Olathe’s 
campus works with government, industry, and university partners to pr omote technology -based economic 
development in Johnson County and the State of Kansas. 
 
Health Care Facilities 
 
 Olathe Health, part of The University of Kansas Health System since 2023, operates a 300-bed facility located 
in the City. Menorah Medical Cent er, a division of Health Midwest, operates a 158 -bed hospital and medical office 
complex approximately four miles from the City. St. Joseph’s Hospital, a full -service, privately -owned facility, is 
located outside the City limits in the western part of the City of Kansas City, Missouri. AdventHealth Shawnee Mission 
is a 504-bed acute care facility located approximately 8.5 miles northeast of the City. Overland Park Regional Medical 
Center is a 343-bed acute care facility located approximately two miles east of the City on Interstate 435. All hospitals 
offer a full range of medical services including 24-hour emergency care. 
 
 Johnson County Med -Act provides emergency medical assistance with Type I equipment and personnel 
training. The City participates in the Metro Area 911 program. 
  
 A-3 
Recreational and Cultural Facilities 
 
 The City of Olathe Parks and Recreation Department (the “Department”) offers a variety of youth and adult 
activities. The Department has an active partnership with the Olathe Unified School District, providing programs and 
utilizing school district facility resources to conduct recreational activities for the community. The Department 
maintains year-round activities including music, dance, sports, and health and fitness programs. 
 
The City offers four municipal swimming pools and 43 municipal parks covering approximately 1,916 acres 
of park and public lands.  
 
The City operates a 72,000 square foot Community Center. The Community Center provides recreational, 
fitness, and community outreach programs. Community Center amenities include a leisu re pool, classrooms/party 
rooms, aerobic/dance studios, a jogging track, a multi -activity court gym, an events hall, a catering kitchen, a child 
watch/babysitting area, a fitness/weight room, and a fitness studio.   
 
Just beyond the City’s border is the county-operated approximately 1,238-acre Heritage Park, offering a 40-
acre lake, marina, boat rental, fishing, nature trails, an 18 -hole golf course, and softball, football, and soccer fields. 
The YMCA of Kansas City has a full -service branch in the City tha t offers swimming facilities, a fitness center, and 
additional recreation amenities and programs. Lake Olathe, located in west Olathe, is a 170 -acre municipally-owned 
lake offering boating, fishing, and picnic shelters. The City has  79 miles of bike/pedest rian trails. Two historic 
museums located in the area are on the National Register of Historical Places. Additional recreational activities include 
jogging trails, bicycling, fishing, and boating. The Olathe area is also popular for hot -air balloons and sail boarding. 
 
 The Olathe Public Library currently operates two facilities. The Indian Creek Library branch opened in 2019, 
replacing the former Indian Creek location that experienced significant water damage in 2016. This  new facility 
includes more space to develop state-of-the-art library programs. The Downtown Library opened in April 2023  and 
features a large multi-use room, a creative space, meeting and study rooms, a rooftop terrace, and a local history area. 
The Johnson County Library System also serv es City residents. The City is the only city in the County with an arts 
alliance that offers year-round arts and cultural events through a community theatre, orchestra, civic band, chorus, and 
art exhibits. 
  
The Kansas City metropolitan area is home to many nationally recognized attractions, including Union 
Station, Science City, the T-Mobile Center, the American Royal, the Country Club Plaza shopping area, the Kansas 
City Zoo, the Nelson Atkins Museum of Art, Starlight Theater, Kauffman Center for the P erforming Arts, Kansas 
Speedway, Missouri river boat gambling, Worlds of Fun amusement park, and Oceans of Fun water park.  
 
 Professional sports teams include the Kansas City Chiefs football team, the Kansas City Royals baseball 
team, the Sporting Kansas City major league soccer team, the Kansas City Current women’s soccer team, the Kansas 
City Monarchs minor league baseball team, and the Kansas City Mavericks minor league hockey team. The Kansas 
City Symphony, Lyric Opera, and Kansas City Ballet present annual seasons in Kansas City. Johnson County 
Community College, located east of the City, operates a performing arts center that has become a venue for larger 
cultural events in Johnson County. 
 
Economic Development  
   
In 2022, the City issued 805 residential building permits totaling approximately  $264,703,852 in valuation, 
and 972 commercial building permits totaling approximately $472,506,709 in valuation.  
 
Retail, manufacturing/warehouse and office development continues to grow throughout the City. In 202 2, 
nearly 800,000 square feet of new space opened for an investment of $ 191 million. Through economic initiatives, 
approximately 1,000 jobs were created or retained in 2022. Examples of major projects in 2022 include: 
 
• KCAS Bioanalytical and Biomarker Services – $19 million investment. 
• Lineage Logistics – Refrigerated Warehouse, $100 million investment, 150 employees. 
• Arrello Apartments – Downtown Multifamily Development, $36 million investment. 
 
Garmin Olathe S occer Complex has opened at K -10 Highway and Ridgeview Road, including nine fields, 
and development of two hotels and several new retail pads. The total project is a $59,950,000 private investment.  
 A-4 
 
Industrial development has grown over the last year due to the region’s centralized location and the opening 
of the BNSF Intermodal in nearby Edgerton, Kansas. Several recent industrial highlights include:  
 
• Garmin completed renovation and repurposing of its approximately 580,000 square foot facility formerly 
used for warehousing to office and research purposes at its campus located at 1200 E. 151st Street within 
the City. 
• BCB Olathe Holdings LLC is under constructio n on three speculative warehouse facilities totaling 
approximately 385,000 square feet near the intersection of I-35 and W. 151st Street within the City. 
• An affiliate of BlueScope Properties Group LLC completed construction of an approximately 236,000 
square foot industrial facility near the intersection of Lone Elm Road and 159 th Street within the City.  
An affiliate of BlueScope Properties Group LLC plans to construct an additional approximately 140,000 
square foot industrial facility adjacent to this facility. 
• LECC Building 3, LLC is under construction on an approximately 135,000 square foot industrial facility 
near the intersection of Monticello Road and 167 th Street within the City. 
• LECC Building 4, LLC is under construction on an approximately 148,000 square foot industrial facility 
near the intersection of Monticello Road and 167 th Street within the City. 
• Scannell Properties #542, LLC completed construction of an approximately 568,000 square foot 
industrial facility near the intersection of 159 th Street and S. Clare Road within the City, which is fully 
leased to The Clorox Co. An affiliate, Scannell Properties #634, LLC, plans to construct an additional 
approximately 568,000 square foot industrial facility adjacent to this facility.  
• 1918, LLC plans to co nstruct an approximately 320,000 square foot industrial facility near the 
intersection of 167th Street and 169 Highway within the City. 
• BT 175 Phase 1, LLC is nearing completion of an approximately 1,123,000 square foot industrial facility 
near the intersection of 175th Street and Hedge Lane within the City. 
 
Healthcare has been a large area of recent development for the City. Since 2013, six facilities have opened, 
including Centra Care opening a new Urgent Care Center in 2016. These projects include rehab facilities, senior living 
and medical clinics totaling approximately $60 million in investment and 252,000 square feet of space. In 2017, Olathe 
Health completed its largest expansion with the construction of a four -story obstetrics wing and neonatal intensive 
care unit. This $100 million -plus project added more than 200,000 square feet to the 250 -acre campus. A 25,000 
square foot Cancer Center opened in 2018. In 2023, Olathe Health joined The University of Kansas Health System. 
 
 
[Balance of page intentionally left blank]   
 A-5 
ECONOMIC INFORMATION 
 
Major Employers 
    
Employer Products/Services 
Approximate Number  
of Employees 
Garmin International Technology 4,600 
Olathe Unified School District Education 4,500 
Olathe Health System* Healthcare 2,500 
Johnson County Government Government 2,400 
Farmers Insurance Insurance 1,733 
City of Olathe Government 962 
TransAm Trucking Logistics 800 
TVH Manufacturing 670 
FAA/Air Route Traffic Control Center Government 600 
Honeywell Aerospace Electronic Systems Technology 561 
 
*Olathe Health is now part of the University of Kansas Health System. 
 
Source: Olathe Chamber of Commerce. 
 
Labor Force 
 
 The following table sets forth labor force figures for the City of Olathe, Johnson County, and the State of 
Kansas: 
 
City of Olathe Johnson County State of Kansas 
 
 
Year 
Civilian  
Labor Force 
Unemployment 
Rate 
 
Civilian 
Labor Force 
 
Unemployment 
Rate 
 
Civilian  
Labor Force 
 
Unemployment 
Rate 
2023 *83,376 2.3% *355,560 2.5% *1,517,965 2.9% 
2022 81,999 2.2 349,503 2.3 1,504,932 2.7 
2021 80,671 2.5 343,991 2.7 1,500,677 3.3 
2020 80,093 4.7 341,523 4.9 1,503,002 5.8 
2019 80,174 2.6 341,751 2.7 1,504,552 3.3 
2018 79,412 2.7 337,941 2.8 1,493,360 3.4 
 
* April 2023. 
 
Source: Kansas Labor Information Center: https://klic.dol.ks.gov/vosnet/Default.aspx (accessed May 2023). 
 
Sales and Use Tax 
 
 The City has historically levied a one-cent local option sales and use tax on all applicable goods and services 
purchased or provided within City limits. In April 2023, voters approved a 10-year renewal of a 1/8-cent sales tax to 
provide funding for the City’s parks (sunsetting March 2035 unless renewed by voters) and renewal of a 10 year, 3/8-
cent sales tax to provide funding for reha bilitation of City streets (sunsetting March 2034 unless renewed by voters) . 
These taxes are in addition to a 1.475-cent countywide local option sales and use tax and a 6.50 -cent state sales and 
use tax. As of the Dated Date, total sales and use tax in the City is 9.475%. There are certain areas in the City where 
up to an additional 2% tax is in place as part of a transportatio n development district or a community improvement 
district.  
 
 The State of Kansas is responsible for collection and distribution of all sales and use taxes. City local option 
taxes are distributed directly to the City each month. Countywide local option s ales taxes are distributed monthly by 
the State to all incorporated cities within the County based on population and relative property tax levies. Statewide 
taxes are retained by the State and not distributed to local municipalities. The following table sh ows receipts for the 
Citywide and the City’s portion of the countywide local option sales tax in recent years.  
  
 A-6 
Year 
Citywide 
Sales and Use 
Tax Receipts (1) 
City’s Portion 
of Countywide Sales 
and Use Tax Receipts 
2022  $40,976,336  $22,205,879 
2021  37,454,759  20,054,612 
2020  30,024,253   16,945,045  
2019(2)    28,646,331   16,536,861  
2018  29,766,317   16,107,460  
 
(1)  Represents the City’s local option sales tax. Does not include sales tax collections used to finance tax increment districts, 
community improvement districts, transportation development districts, the 0.125 -cent park sales tax, or the 0.375 -cent street 
sales tax. 
 
(2)   Decrease in sales tax receipts from 2018 to 2019 is due primarily to a significant rebate of compensating use tax to a taxpayer 
in 2019 in connection with the S tate’s High Performance Incentive Program , a state -administered economic development 
incentive program. 
 
Source: City of Olathe. 
 
 The City’s park sales tax revenues are used to fund park projects. See “GENERAL INFORMATION – 
Recreational and Cultural Facilities” herein. The City’s street maintenance sales tax revenues are used to fund street 
maintenance projects. The following table shows receipts for the 0.125 -cent park sales tax and 0.375 -cent street 
maintenance sales tax: 
 
 
Year 
Citywide Park  
Sales Tax  
Receipts 
Citywide Street 
Maintenance Sales  
Tax Receipts 
2022  $5,254,909   $15,764,664  
2021  4,868,104   14,604,190  
2020  3,947,551   11,837,862  
2019(1)  3,768,005   11,302,111  
2018  3,878,210   11,632,788  
 
(1)  Decrease in sales tax receipts from 2018 to 2019 is due primarily to a significant rebate of compensating use tax to a taxpayer 
in 2019 in connection with the S tate’s High Performance Incentive Program, a state -administered economic development 
incentive program. 
 
Source: City of Olathe. 
 
Building Permits  
 
 The following table indicates the number of building permits and total valuation of these permits issued 
within the City for the years indicated. These numbers reflect permits issued for new construction  and renovations. 
 
 Number of Permits Issued Total Valuation 
Year Residential Commercial (1) Residential Commercial (1) 
2022 805 972 $264,703,852 $472,506,709 
2021 1,383 658 356,541,975 175,318,550 
2020 1,181 555 270,446,501 212,195,657 
2019 791 387 173,346,970 245,386,393 
2018 872 604 172,684,201 313,605,001(2) 
 
 
(1)   Includes multi-family dwellings.  
(2)   $91,532,581 of 2018 Commercial permit valuation is attributable to 19 publicly owned projects that are exempt from ad valorem 
property taxes.  
 
Source:  City of Olathe.  
  
 A-7 
Population Trends  
 
 The following table shows the approximate population of the City and Johnson County in the years indicated: 
 
 
Year 
City 
Population 
Johnson County 
Population 
2023 (1)151,780 n/a 
2020 141,290 609,863 
2010 125,872 544,179 
2000 92,962 451,479 
1990 63,402 355,021 
1980 37,258 270,269 
1970 17,917 220,073 
1960 10,987 143,792 
 
(1)  City estimate. 
 
Source: Kansas Statistical Abstract: https://ipsr.ku.edu/ksdata/ksah/population/ (accessed March 2023). 
 
Personal Income Trends 
 
 Johnson County personal income (in thousands of dollars) and per capita income and the State of Kansas per 
capita income are listed for the years indicated in the following table. 
 
Year 
Johnson County 
Personal 
Income 
Johnson County 
Per Capita 
Income 
State of Kansas 
Per Capita 
Income 
2021 $51,838,335 $84,535 $58,924 
2020 48,991,145 80,681 55,677 
2019 45,906,867 78,670 53,439 
2018 44,225,223 74,892 51,474 
2017 41,368,735 71,643 48,600 
 
Data revised annually.  
 
Source:  Kansas Statistical Abstract: http://www.ipsr.ku.edu/ksdata/ksah/income/ (accessed Ma rch 2023); U.S. Bureau of 
Economic Analysis. 
 
 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
Accounting, Budgeting, and Auditing Procedures 
 
 The City has established a uniform system of accounting maintained in accordance with the laws of the State 
of Kansas and accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP).  
 
An annual budget of estimated receipts and disbursements for the coming calendar year is required by statute 
to be prepared for all funds (unless specifically exempted). The budget is prepared utilizing the modified accrual basis 
which is further modified by the encumbrance method  of accounting. For example, commitments such as purchase 
orders and contracts, in addition to disbursements and accounts payable, are recorded as expenditures.  The budget 
lists estimated receipts by funds and sources and estimated disbursements by funds and purposes. The proposed budget 
is presented to the governing body of the City prior to August 1, with a public hearing required to be held prior to 
August 15, with the final budget to be adopted by a majority vote of the governing body of the City prior to August 
25 of e ach year (or September 20 if the City must conduct a public hearing to levy taxes in excess of its revenue 
neutral rate described below) . Budgets may be amended upon action of the governing body after notice and public 
hearing, provided that no additional tax revenues may be raised after the original budget is adopted. 
 
 The City may levy taxes in accordance with the requirements of its adopted budget. Property tax levies are 
based on the adopted budget of the City and the assessed valuatio ns provided by the County appraiser. In 2021, the  
 A-8 
Kansas Legislature passed legislation (the “Revenue Neutral Tax Act”) that repeals the “tax lid” (formerly 
K.S.A. 79-2925c) and provides that, beginning January 1, 2021, a taxing subdivision (which includes  any political 
subdivision of the State that levies an ad valorem property tax, including the City) is not authorized to levy a property 
tax rate in excess of its revenue neutral rate without first providing notice, holding a public hearing, and authorizin g 
such property tax rate by majority vote of its governing body.  The revenue neutral rate means the tax rate for the 
current tax year that would generate the same property tax revenue as levied the previous tax year using the current 
tax year’s total assessed valuation.   
 
 The Revenue Neutral Tax Act provides that by June 15 of every year, each county clerk shall calculate the 
revenue neutral rate for each taxing subdivision in their respective county. If a taxing subdivision desires to levy a tax 
rate in excess of its revenue neutral rate, it must first publish notice of a public hearing and notify, by July 20, the 
county clerk of the taxing subdivision’s intent to exceed the revenue neutral rate. The county clerk is required to 
provide notice of the publi c hearing to each taxpayer with property in the taxing subdivision, along with following 
information concerning the taxing subdivision:  (1)  the revenue neutral rate, (2) the proposed property tax revenue 
needed to fund the proposed budget, (3) the propose d tax rate based on the proposed budget, (4) the tax rate and 
property tax of each taxing subdivision on the taxpayer’s property from the previous year’s tax statement, (5) the 
appraised value and assessed value of the taxpayer’s property, (6) estimates of  the tax for the current tax year on the 
taxpayer’s property based on the revenue neutral rate of each taxing subdivision and any proposed tax rates that exceed 
the revenue neutral rates, (7) the difference between the estimates of tax based on the proposed tax rate and the revenue 
neutral rate. The public hearing regarding exceeding the revenue neutral rate is to be held between August 20 and 
September 20, and can be held in conjunction with the taxing subdivision’s budget hearing. If multiple taxing 
subdivisions within the county are required to hold a public hearing, the county clerk’s notices to the taxpayer can be 
combined into a single notice. After the public hearing, the taxing subdivision can approve exceeding the revenue 
neutral rate by governing body approval of a resolution or ordinance, and thereafter the taxing subdivisions will hold 
the public hearing and adopt the budget by majority vote of its governing body. The amount of tax to be levied and 
the adopted budget must be certified to the count y clerk by October 1. The taxing subdivision’s adopted budget shall 
not result in a tax rate in excess of its proposed rate stated in the notice provided to the taxpayers. If a taxing subdivision 
fails to comply with the requirements of the Revenue Neutral  Tax Act, it shall refund to the taxpayers any property 
taxes over-collected based on the amount of the levy that was in excess of the revenue neutral rate.  
 
However, as described above, the Revenue Neutral Tax Act  only applies to increases in ad valorem tax and 
does not apply to increases in rates and charges established and collected by the City related to use of the System.   
Therefore, the City is permitted under the Revenue Neutral Tax Act to increase rates and charges related to the System 
as necessary to produce Net Revenues sufficient to pay principal of and interest on the Series 2023 Bonds, as required 
by the Bond Resolution. 
 
 The City cannot predict the impact of the Revenue Neutral Tax Act on the ratings on the Series 2023 Bonds, 
or the general rating of the City. A change in the ratings on the Series 2023 Bonds or a change in the general rating of 
the City may adversely impact the market price of the Series 2023 Bonds in the secondary market. 
 
 Kansas law prohibits governmental units from creating indebtedness unless there are funds on hand in the 
proper accounts and unencumbered by previous action with which to pay such indebtedness.  An exception to this 
cash-basis operation is made where provision has been made for payment of obligations by bonds or other specific 
debt obligations authorized by law. 
 
 The financial records of the  City are audited annually by a firm of independent cer tified public accountants 
in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards. Allen, Gibbs & Houlik, L.C., Wichita, Kansas , currently 
serves as the City’s independent auditor. Copies of past five audit reports are on file in the Clerk ’s office and ar e 
available for review.  The City’s Annual Comprehensive Financial Report for the Fiscal Year ended 2022 is attached 
hereto as APPENDIX C. 
 
 
[Balance of page intentionally left blank] 
  
 A-9 
Financial Statement Summary  
 
 The following is a summary of the combined revenues, expenditures, and fund balances for the City’s General and Debt Service Funds over the last five years as 
shown in the City’s General Purpose Financial Statements. This sum mary has not been prepared or reviewed by the City ’s external auditor. For the 2023 fiscal year, the 
City has budgeted approximately $130.3M of General Fund revenues and expenditures and approximately $ 40.3M of revenues and $43.0M of expenditures for the Debt 
Service Fund. 
  
 
 
2018 
 
2019 
 
2020* 2021 2022 
General Fund      
Revenues:      
Property taxes $19,844,209  $20,888,757  $22,010,400  $23,146,341 $24,058,868 
Sales taxes 51,558,306 50,969,434 52,750,515 64,157,972 70,542,273 
Franchise taxes 12,009,645 11,638,652 10,898,406 10,494,220 12,460,414 
Intergovernmental 980,257 1,207,182 1,955,618 1,404,687 1,556,613 
Licenses and permits 2,858,757 2,568,592 2,724,055 2,118,160 3,576,880 
Fines, forfeitures, and penalties 3,002,155 3,154,619 2,373,703 2,665,530 2,146,556 
Charges for services 6,561,137 6,177,071 6,907,022 8,405,750 9,242,268 
Use of money and property 596,109 1,195,136 287,912 23,785 1,207,056 
Transfers -- -- -- -- -- 
Miscellaneous 935,185 911,315 383,912 552,101 614,274 
Total Revenues $98,345,760  $98,710,758  $100,291,543  $112,968,546 $125,405,202 
Expenditures:      
General Government  $22,303,959  $22,877,570  $22,610,770  $24,951,220 $18,383,446 
Public Safety 49,666,849 51,748,508 50,582,114 55,074,304 57,718,671 
Public Works 10,849,650 10,652,244 9,906,290 14,957,237 12,446,435 
Community Services 7,619,589 8,147,225 7,301,875 7,147,306 9,672,964 
Debt Service  2,879   973   --  -- 55,896 
Total Expenditures $90,442,926  $93,426,520  $90,401,049  $102,130,067 $98,277,412 
Excess of Revenue over 
 (under) Expenditures 
  
7,902,834  
 
 5,284,238  
  
9,890,494  
 
10,838,479 
 
27,127,790 
Total other financing sources (uses)  (6,494,794)  (4,872,566)  (10,080,883)  (5,440,443) (7,859,956) 
Excess of revenues and other financing 
sources over (under) expenditures and 
other financing uses 
 
 
 1,408,040  
 
 
 411,672  
  
 
(190,389) 
 
 
5,398,036 
 
 
19,267,834 
 
General Fund balance at beginning of year  
  
29,105,528  
  
30,513,568  
 
 30,925,240  
 
30,734,851 
 
36,132,887 
 
General Fund balance at end of year 
  
$30,513,568  
  
$30,925,240  
 
 $30,734,851  
 
$36,132,887 
 
$55,400,721 
     
* In anticipation of the potential negative impact of COVID-19, the City took certain measures that resulted in lowered General Government expenditures in 2020 as compared to prior years, 
including implementing a hiring freeze, a spending cap on personnel-related expenses, rolling two-week furloughs for most City employees, and deferral of certain capital projects.  
 
  
 A-10 
 
 
2018 2019 2020 
 
 
2021 
 
 
2022 
Debt Service Fund      
Revenues:      
Property taxes $19,324,042  $20,384,793  $21,526,947  $22,638,883 $23,527,221 
Sales taxes  346,118   424,913   362,133  -- -- 
Special assessments 6,083,398 5,694,851 4,508,296 3,924,331 3,166,971 
Use of money and property 798,607 1,285,989 446,655 39,418 737,275 
Transfers -- -- -- -- -- 
Miscellaneous 85,595 21,344 6,874 -- -- 
Total Revenues  $26,637,760   $27,811,890   $26,850,905  $26,602,632 $27,431,467 
Expenditures:      
General Government  $49,362  $89,865  $222,103  126,335 31,450 
Debt Service 29,966,683 29,078,256 27,274,893 26,819,309 33,351,815 
Total Expenditures  30,016,045   29,168,121   27,496,996  $26,945,644 $33,383,265 
Excess of Revenue over 
 (under) Expenditures 
 
 (3,378,285) 
 
 (1,356,231) 
 
 (646,091) 
 
(343,012) 
 
(5,951,798) 
Total other financing sources (uses)  
 7,269,707  
 
 (4,340,269) 
 
 12,025,036  
 
12,155,715 
 
10,826,901 
Excess of revenues and other financing 
sources over expenditures and other 
financing uses 
  
 
3,891,422  
 
 
 (5,696,500) 
 
 
 11,378,945  
 
 
11,812,703 
 
 
4,875,103 
Debt Service Fund balance at beginning of 
year  
 
 47,067,398  
  
50,958,820  
  
45,262,320  
 
56,641,265 
 
68,453,968 
 
Debt Service Fund balance at end of year 
  
$50,958,820  
  
$45,262,320  
 
 $56,641,265  
 
$68,453,968 
 
$73,329,071 
      
Total General and Debt Service Fund 
balances at beginning of year 
  
76,172,926  
 
 81,472,388  
 
 76,187,560  
 
87,376,116 
 
104,586,855 
Total General and Debt Service Fund 
balances at end of year 
  
$81,472,388  
  
$76,187,560  
 
 $87,376,116  
 
$104,586,855 
 
$128,729,792 
 
 
Source: Clerk; Annual Report of the City of Olathe.  
 A-11 
  
 
Property Valuations 
 
The determination of assessed valuation and the collection of property taxes for all political subdivisions in 
the State of Kansas is the responsibility of the various counties under the direction of state statutes.   
 
Determination of Appraised Value. The Johnson County Appraiser’s office determines the value of all taxable 
property within Johnson County and the assessed valuation thereof that is to be used as a basis for the mill levy on 
property located in the  City. The appraiser’s determinatio n is based on a number of criteria established by Kansas 
statute. All property, with the exception of agricultural land, is appraised based on estimated fair market 
value. Agricultural property is appraised based on productivity value.  Kansas statutes require that each parcel of real 
property be reviewed and inspected by the county appraiser once every four years for taxation purposes.  Once 
appraised valuations have been determined, they are multiplied by the applicable statutory assessment rates to arrive  
at the assessed valuations. The total assessed valuation is then used to establish property tax rates.  
 
 Determination of Assessed Value.   Property subject to ad valorem taxation is divided into two classes, real 
property and personal property. Real prope rty is divided into seven subclasses; there are six subclasses of personal 
property. The real property (Class 1) subclasses are:  (i) real property used for residential purposes including 
multi-family mobile or manufactured homes and the real property on which such homes are located, assessed at 11.5%, 
(ii) agricultural land, valued on the basis of agricultural income or productivity, assessed at 30%, (iii) vacant lots, 
assessed at 12%, (iv) real property, owned and operated by a not-for-profit organization not subject to federal income 
taxation, pursuant to Code §501, assessed at 12%, (v) public utility real property, except railroad real property, 
assessed at the average rate that all other commercial and industrial property is assessed, assessed at 33%, ( vi) real 
property used for commercial and industrial purposes and buildings and other improvements located on land devoted 
to agricultural use, assessed at 25%, and (vii) all other urban and real property not otherwise specifically classified, 
assessed at 30%.  Tangible personal property (Class 2) subclasses are: (i) mobile homes used for residential purposes, 
assessed at 11.5%, (ii) mineral leasehold interests, except oil leasehold interests, the average daily production from 
which is 5 barrels or less, an d natural gas leasehold interests, the average daily production from which is 100 mcf or 
less, which shall be assessed at 25%, assessed at 30%, (iii) public utility tangible personal property, including 
inventories thereof, except railroad personal propert y, including inventories thereof, which shall be assessed at the 
average rate all other commercial and industrial property is assessed, assessed at 33%, (iv) all categories of motor 
vehicles not defined and specifically valued and taxed pursuant to law ena cted prior to January 1, 1985, assessed at 
30%, (v) commercial and industrial machinery and equipment which if its economic life is 7 years or more, shall be 
valued at its retail cost, when new, less seven-year straight-line depreciation, or which, if its economic life is less than 
7 years, shall be valued at its retail cost when new, less straight -line depreciation over its economic life, except that, 
the value so obtained for such property, notwithstanding its economic life and as long as such property is  being used, 
shall not be less than 20% of the retail cost when new of such property, assessed at 25%, and (vi) all other tangible 
personal property not otherwise specifically classified, assessed at 30%. All property used exclusively for state, 
county, municipal, literary, educational, scientific, religious, benevolent and charitable purposes, farm machinery and 
equipment, merchants’ and manufacturers’ inventories, other than public utility inventories included in subclass (3) 
of class 2, livestock, and al l household goods and personal effects not used for the production of income, shall be 
exempted from property taxation. 
 
 The Kansas Legislature (the “Legislature”) reduced the applicable assessment rates on motor vehicles from 
30% of market value to 20% of market value as of January 1, 2000. 
 
 The 2006 Legislature exempted from all property or ad valorem property taxes levied under the laws of the 
State all commercial, industrial, telecommunications and railroad machinery and equipment acquired by qualified 
purchase or lease after June 30, 2006, or transported into the State after June 30, 2006, for the purpose of expanding 
an existing business or creation of a new business. 
 
The Legislature may from time to time adopt changes in the property tax sy stem or method of imposing and 
collecting property taxes within the State. Taxpayers may also challenge the fair market value of property assigned by 
the county appraiser. The effects of such legislative changes and successful challenges to the appraiser’s determination 
of fair market value could affect the Issuer’s  property tax collections. If a taxpayer valuation challenge is successful,  
 A-12 
the liability of the Issuer  to refund property taxes previously paid under protest may have a material impact on the 
Issuer’s financial situation. 
 
Fair Market Value  
 
 The following table shows the fair market value of the taxable property within the City for the following 
years: 
 
 
Year 
Fair Market 
Value 
2022 $17,693,799,521 
2021 17,466,684,440 
2020  16,060,301,000  
2019  15,293,254,000  
2018  14,364,117,000  
 
Source: County Clerk. Market value is calculated by dividing the County appraiser’s appraised value by the preliminary median  
sales ratio of 100.0% for Johnson County as determined by the State Department of Revenue. 
 
Assessed Valuation  
 
 The following table shows the assessed valuation of the taxable tangible property within the City for the 
following years: 
 
Year 
Real 
Property 
Personal 
Property Utilities 
Motor 
Vehicles 
Total 
Valuation 
2022  $2,354,639,126   $12,894,136  $57,232,863   $225,536,932   $2,650,303,057    
2021  2,167,129,439   13,716,491  52,672,392   215,288,304   2,448,806,626  
2020  2,059,268,543   14,420,309   50,248,687   214,462,396   2,338,399,935  
2019  1,960,326,495   15,287,003   47,328,027   208,760,354   2,231,701,879  
2018  1,840,100,618   15,801,734   45,349,856   199,969,041   2,101,221,249  
 
Source: County Clerk. 
 
Property Tax Levies and Collections  
 
 Tax statements are mailed November 1 each year and may be paid in full or one-half on or before December 
20 with the remaining one-half due on or before May 10 of the following year. Taxes that are unpaid on the due dates 
are considered  delinquent and accrue interest at a per annum rate established by State law until paid or until the 
property is sold for taxes. Real estate bearing unpaid taxes is advertised for sale on or before August  1 of each year 
and is sold by the County for taxes and all legal charges on  the first Tuesday in September. Properties that  are sold 
and not redeemed within two years after the tax sale are subject to foreclosure sale, except homestead properties which 
are subject to foreclosure sale after three years. 
 
 Personal taxes are due an d may be paid in the same manner as real estate  taxes, with the same interest 
applying to delinquencies. If personal taxes are not paid when due, and after written notice, warrants are issued and 
placed in the hands of the Sheriff for collection. If not pa id on or before October 1, legal judgment is entered and the 
delinquent tax becomes a lien on the property. Unless renewed, a non-enforced lien expires five years after it is entered. 
 
 Motor vehicle taxes are collected periodically throughout the year con currently with the renewal of motor 
vehicle tags based upon the value of such vehicles. Such tax receipts are distributed to all taxing subdivisions, 
including the State of Kansas, in proportion to the number of mills levied within each taxpayer's tax levy  unit.  
 A-13 
 
Tax Rates of the City (Expressed in Dollars Per Thousand Dollars of Assessed Value)  
 
Levy 
Year 
Budget 
Year 
 
General 
 
Fire Levy 
Bond and 
Interest 
Library 
(including 
Employee 
Benefit) 
 
Total 
2022 2023 9.708 1.736 9.744 3.053 24.241 
2021 2022 9.945 1.733 9.731 3.049 24.458 
2020 2021 9.938 1.731 9.724 3.047 24.440 
2019 2020 9.921 1.727 9.707 3.042 24.397 
2018 2019 9.925 1.727 9.711 3.043 24.406 
 
Property Tax Rates of Jurisdictions Overlapping with the City (Expressed in Dollars Per Thousand Dollars of 
Assessed Value)  
 
        Total 
Levy Budget    Comm. USD  Including 
Year Year  State County College No. 233* Parks City 
2022 2023  1.500 17.772 8.617 65.168 3.021 120.319 
2021 2022  1.500 18.564 9.110 68.282 3.096 125.010 
2020 2021  1.500 18.799 9.191 69.138 3.093 126.161 
2019 2020  1.500 19.036 9.121 69.878 3.090 127.022 
2018 2019  1.500 19.024 9.266 70.665 3.088 127.949 
 
* Unified School District No. 233 (Olathe) is used as an example, but depending upon resident location, Unified School District  
Nos. 229, 230, 231, or 232 would be the applicable taxing jurisdiction.  
 
Property Tax Levies and Collections 
 
 
Tax 
Year
(1)
 
 
Total Tax 
Levy 
Current 
Tax 
Collections 
% Current 
Tax 
Collected 
Prior 
Years Tax 
Collected 
 
Total Tax 
Collections 
Ratio 
Collection 
Versus Levy 
(2)2022 $59,733,670 $34,221,440 57.29% $25,483 $34,246,923 57.33% 
2021 54,453,294 53,902,023 98.99 (60,851) 53,941,172 98.88 
2020 52,322,131 50,320,997 96.18 71,051 50,392,048 96.31 
2019 49,261,715 48,722,143 98.90 184,805 48,906,948 99.28 
2018 46,401,800 45,806,541 98.72 159,453 45,965,994 99.06 
2017 43,012,242 42,651,555 99.16 96,486 42,748,041 99.39 
 
(1)  The year shown is the year in which the levy was made; the collections are received the following year (budget year). 
(2)  Collections in progress. 
 
 
[Balance of page intentionally left blank] 
   
 A-14 
Special Assessment Collections 
 
Special assessments are spread on benefited real estate with the property tax levy in August of each year.  
Interest on special assessments is computed at a rate equal to the rate of the obligations which financed the public 
improvements. The following table presents special assessments levies and collections for the years listed below. 
 
Tax 
Year
(1)
 
Certified 
Assessment 
 
Collections 
Percent 
Collected 
Prior Year 
Collected 
Total 
Collections 
Percent 
Total 
(2)2022 $3,388,073 $1,865,014 55.0% $127,758 $1,992,772 58.8% 
2021 3,314,333 3,235,567 97.6 42,044 3,277,611 98.9 
2020  5,022,058   4,547,796  90.6  362,648   4,910,444  97.8 
2019  5,664,203   5,314,454  93.8  484,767   5,799,221  102.4 
2018  6,051,367   5,524,676  91.3  52,989   5,577,665  92.2 
2017  6,301,761   5,521,284  87.6  67,744   5,589,028  88.7 
 
(1)  The year shown is the year in which the levy was made; the collections are received the following year (budget year). 
(2)  Collections in progress. 
 
Major Taxpayers 
 
 The following table sets forth the ten largest property taxpayers in the City for taxes levied in  the 2022 
collection period: 
 
Taxpayer  Type of Property  Assessed Value 
1. GARMIN International Manufacturer   $28,273,857  
2. Evergy Metro Inc. Utility 20,984,788 
3. JDM III SF Kansas City DC LLC Information Processing   15,860,436 
4. Atmos Energy Corp. Utility 14,505,045 
5. G&I X Industrial Warehouse 11,638,102 
6. Evergy Kansas Central Inc. Utility 11,161,956 
7. U.S. Bank Information Processing   10,599,618  
8. Homestead Apartment Homes, LLC Apartments 10,451,602 
9. Northridge 07 A LLC Retail  8,994,617  
10. HOA Hotels Kansas LLC Hotel  8,937,251  
  $141,407,272 
 
 * Represented approximately 5.34% of the City’s 2022 assessed valuation. 
 
 Source: City of Olathe. 
 
Employee Relations 
 
 The City’s Human Resources Division describes its formalized relationship with its  approximately 
1,272 employees as good.  None of the City’s employees are part of an organized bargaining unit. 
 
Pension and Employee Retirement Plans 
 
 The Issuer participates in the Kansas Public Employees Retirement System (“KPERS”) established in 1962, 
as an instrumentality of the State, pursuant to K.S.A. 74 -4901 et seq., to provide retirement and related benefits to 
public employees in Kansas.  KPERS is governed by a board of trustees consisting of nine members each of whom 
serve four-year terms. The board of trustees appoints an executive director to serve as the managing officer of KPERS 
and manage a staff to carry out daily operations of the system. 
 
 As of June 30, 2022, KPERS serves approximately 333,000 members and approximately 1,500 participating 
employers, including the State, school districts, counties, cities, public libraries, hospitals and other governmental 
units. KPERS administers the following three statewide, defined benefit retirement plans f or public employees:  
 A-15 
 
(a) Kansas Public Employees Retirement System; 
(b) Kansas Police and Firemen’s Retirement System; and 
(c) Kansas Retirement System for Judges. 
 
 These three plans are separate and distinct with different membership groups, actuarial a ssumptions, 
experience, contribution rates and benefit options. The Kansas Public Employees Retirement System is the largest of 
the three plans, accounting for approximately 95% of the members. The Kansas Public Employees Retirement System 
is further divided into two separate groups, as follows: 
 
 (a) State/School Group - includes members employed by the State, school districts, community 
colleges, vocational -technical schools and educational cooperatives.  The State of Kansas makes all employer 
contributions for this group, the majority of which comes from the State General Fund.  
 
 (b) Local Group - all participating cities, counties, library boards, water districts and political 
subdivisions are included in this group. Local employers contribute at a differ ent rate than the State/School Group 
rate. 
 
 KPERS is currently a qualified, governmental, § 401(a) defined benefit pension plan, and has received IRS 
determination letters attesting to the plan’s qualified status dated October 14, 1999 and March 5, 2001. KPERS is also 
a “contributory” defined benefit plan, meaning that employees make contributions to the plan. This contrasts it from 
noncontributory pension plans, which are funded solely by employer contributions. The Issuer's employees currently 
annually c ontribute 6% of their gross salary to the plan if such employees are KPERS Tier 1 members (covered 
employment prior to July 1, 2009), KPERS Tier 2 members (covered employment on or after July 1, 2009), or KPERS 
Tier 3 members (covered employment on or after January 1, 2015). 
 
 In 2021, the Legislature authorized the issuance of revenue bonds to provide net proceeds of up to $500 
million (the “Revenue Bonds”) the proceeds of which must be applied to the unfunded actuarial pension liability as 
directed by KPERS. The Revenue Bonds in the principal amount of $504,535,000 were issued August 26, 2021. The 
repayment of the Revenue Bonds shall be subject to legislative annual appropriation, shall not be an obligation of the 
KPERS system, and the full faith and credit or taxing power of the State shall not be pledged to the repayment of the 
Revenue Bonds. Due to the authorization of the Revenue Bonds, the Legislature changed the State/School employer 
contribution rate from 14.09% to 13.33% for fiscal year 2022 and fro m 13.86% to 13.11% for fiscal year 2023.  In 
2022, the Legislature authorized additional contributions totaling $1.125 billion in four payments to be deposited into 
the KPERS trust fund for the School Group. Typically when such additional contributions are made by the State, the 
statutory employer contribution rates for the following two fiscal years are recertified by the Legislation; however the 
recertification has not yet occurred. For more information about the Legislature’s actions related to KPERS, ple ase 
see the 2021 Valuation Report referenced below. 
 
 The Issuer's contribution varies from year to year based upon the annual actuarial valuation and appraisal 
made by KPERS, subject to legislative caps on percentage increases. The Issuer's contribution i s 8. 43% of the 
employee’s gross salary for calendar year 202 3. The Issuer’s contribution is projected to change to 9.26% of gross 
compensation for calendar year 2024. In addition, the Issuer contributes 1% of the employee’s gross salary for Death 
and Disability Insurance for covered employees. 
 
 According to the Valuation Report as of December 31, 2021 (the “2021 Valuation Report”) the KPERS Local 
Group, of which the Issuer is a member, carried an unfunded accrued actuarial liability (“UAAL”) of approximate ly 
$1.783 billion at the end of 2021. The amount of the UAAL in 2021 changed from the previous year’s amount due to 
the factors discussed in the 202 1 Valuation Report; such report also includes additional information relating to the 
funded status of the KPERS Local Group, including recent trends in the funded status of the KPERS Local Group. A 
copy of the 2021 Valuation Report is available on the KPERS website at kpers.org/about/reports.html.  The Issuer has 
no means to independently verify any of the infor mation set forth on the KPERS website or in the 202 1 Valuation 
Report, which is the most recent financial and actuarial information available on the KPERS website relating to the 
funded status of the KPERS Local Group. The 202 1 Valuation Report sets the em ployer contribution rate for the 
period beginning January 1, 202 4, for the KPERS Local Group, and KPERS’ actuaries identified that an employer 
contribution rate of 9.26% of covered payroll would be necessary, in addition to statutory contributions by cover ed  
 A-16 
employees, to eliminate the UAAL by the end of the actuarial period set forth in the 202 1 Valuation Report. The 
statutory contribution rate of employers currently equals the 2021 Valuation Report’s actuarial rate. As a result, 
members of the Local Group are adequately funding their projected actuarial liabilities and the UAAL can be expected 
to diminish over time. The required employer contribution rate may increase up to the maximum statutorily allowed 
rate, which is 1.2% in fiscal year 2017 and thereafter. 
 
 The Issuer has established membership in the Kansas Police and Fire Retirement System (“KP&F”) for its 
police and fire personnel. KP&F is a division of and is administered by KPERS. Annual contributions are adjusted 
annually based on actuarial studi es, subject to legislative caps on percentage increases. According to the 2021 
Valuation Report, KP&F carried an UAAL of approximately $1.140 billion at the end of 2021. For KP&F, the Issuer's 
employees currently annually contribute 7.15% of their gross salary to the plan.  For the year beginning January 1, 
2023, the Issuer contributes 22.99% of employees’ gross compensation. 
 
 The Issuer is required to implement GASB 68  – Accounting and Financial Reporting for Pensions. KPERS 
produces a Schedule of Employer and Nonemployer Allocations and Schedules of Pension Amounts by Employer and 
Nonemployer (the “GASB 68 Report”) which provides the net pension liability allocated to each KPERS participant, 
including the Issuer. The GASB 68 Report is available on the KPERS website at kpers.org/about/reports.html. The 
Issuer has no means to independently verify any of the information set forth on the KPERS website or in the GASB 
68 Report. It is important to note that under existing State law, the Issuer has no legal obligation for the UAAL or the 
net pension liability calculated by KPERS, and such figures are for informational purposes only . 
 
Other Post-Employment Benefits 
 
The Governmental Accounting Standards Board (GASB) has issued Statement No. 75, Accounting and 
Financial Reporting for Postemployment Benefit Plans Other Than Pension Plans (GASB 75), which addresses how 
state and local governments must account for and rep ort their obligations related to postemployment benefits other 
than pensions (referred to as Other Post -Employment Benefits or “OPEB”).  GASB 75 replaced GASB 45 effective 
for fiscal years beginning after June 15, 2017. The City implemented GASB 75 for the year ended December 31, 2018. 
 
The City provides health insurance for retired City employees and officials who meet KPERS eligibility 
requirements based on both age and years of service. This coverage may also extend to the retiree’s family for 
employees that have retired prior to December 31, 2009. The rate of coverage is not based on the length of service the 
employee has with the City. 
 
As of January 1, 2022, the City had 1,000 OPEB participants. The City currently finances the plan on a pay-
as-you-go basis. During 2022, the City expended $ 2,544,679 for these benefits. Under GASB 45 such costs must be 
accounted for on an accrual basis. 
 
The City must report an annual OPEB cost based on actuarially determined amounts that, if paid on an 
ongoing basis, will  provide sufficient resources to pay these benefits as they come due.  The City may establish its 
OPEB liability at zero as of the beginning of the initial year of implementation; however, the unfunded actuarial 
liability is required to be amortized over future periods. 
 
In 2022, the City hired Lewis & Ellis to perform an actuarial analysis of the projected annual cost of these 
benefits. Lewis & Ellis estimated the annual cost at $2,131,785. The City does not intend to fund the liability and will 
continue to pay the costs on a pay-as-you-go basis. 
 
Components of the City’s annual OPEB cost, the amount actually contributed to the plan, and the changes in 
the City’s net OPEB obligation to the plan for the fiscal year ended December  31, 2022, are as follows: 
   
 A-17 
 
Service cost $1,535,344 
Interest cost 640,288 
Changes in benefit terms 0 
Differences between actual and 
     expected experience 
1,241,391 
Changes in assumptions and inputs 
 
(680,228) 
 
 
Less:  Contributions made 1,846,000 
 
Increase in net OPEB obligation 
 
$890,795 
 
Net OPEB obligation – beginning of year 
 
$30,774,341 
 
Net OPEB obligation – end of year 
 
$31,665,136 
 
The City’s annual OPEB cost, the percentage of annual OPEB cost contributed to the plan, and the net OPEB 
obligation for the past five years are as follows: 
                
Fiscal Year 
Ended 
Annual  
OPEB Cost 
Employer 
Contribution 
Percentage 
Contributed 
Net OPEB 
Obligation 
December 31, 2022 $2,544,679 $1,846,000 72.54% $31,665,136 
December 31, 2021 2,234,164 1,657,000 74.17 30,774,343 
December 31, 2020 2,131,785 1,634,000 76.65 28,618,736 
December 31, 2019 2,867,509 1,734,000 60.47 27,399,493 
December 31, 2018* 2,133,995 1,711,000 74.00 26,265,984 
 
* A change in accounting method was implemented with respect to OPEB in fiscal year ended December 31, 2018.  
 
For more information concerning the City’s OPEB obligations, please reference “Note 14 – Postemployment 
Benefits Other than Pension Benefits (OPEB)” of the City’s Annual Comprehensive Financial Report for fiscal year 
ended December 31, 2022, which is included as APPENDIX C to this Official Statement. 
 
 
[Balance of page intentionally left blank] 
 
  
 A-18 
DEBT STRUCTURE 
 
Debt Summary 
 
 The following table summarizes certain key statistics with respect to the City’s general obligation debt:  
 
Debt Summary (as of July 18, 2023) Debt 
Fair Market Value of Taxable Property (1)..............................................................  
 
$17,693,799,521 
Equalized Assessed Valuation of Tangible Valuation 
   for Computation of Bonded Debt Limitations (2) .................................................   $2,650,303,057 
Legal limitation of Bonded Debt (3) ........................................................................   $795,090,917 
Outstanding General Obligation Bonds (6)..............................................................   $256,695,000 
Additional Debt Capacity (3) (6) ...............................................................................   $538,395,917 
Direct Debt Per Capita (Est. Population = 151,780) (4) (6) .......................................   $1,691 
Overlapping Debt (5) ...............................................................................................   $656,771,234 
Direct and Overlapping Debt Per Capita ................................................................   $6,398 
Direct Debt as a Percentage of Assessed Valuation ...............................................  9.7% 
Direct and Overlapping Debt as a Percentage of Assessed Valuation....................  34.5% 
Direct Debt as a Percentage of Actual Fair Market Value .....................................  1.45% 
Direct and Overlapping Debt as a Percentage of Actual Fair 
   Market Value .......................................................................................................  5.16% 
 
(1) See “Fair Market Value” herein. 
(2) The assessed value of all tangible taxable property within the City, as certified to the County Clerk on the preceding August 25.  
Also includes the taxable value of motor vehicles within the City. See K.S.A. 10-301 et seq. 
(3) See K.S.A. 10-301 et seq., specifically including K.S.A. 10-309. 
(4) Population is City estimate. 
(5) See “Overlapping Debt” herein. 
(6) Includes the principal amount of general obligation bonds expected to be issued on July 18, 2023. See “Current Indebtedness – 
General Obligation Bonds” herein. Relatively minor portions of the City’s outstanding general obligation bonds may be exempt 
from the City’s limitation of bonded d ebt and/or supported by dedicated revenue sources such as special assessments and 
revenues of the City’s water and sewer system. For purposes of this table, 100% of the City’s outstanding general obligation 
debt is shown as non-exempt from the limitation of bonded debt and unsupported by other revenue sources. 
 
 
[Balance of page intentionally left blank] 
 
  
 A-19 
Current Indebtedness  
 
General Obligation Bonds 
 
Dated 
Date of 
Issue 
Final 
Maturity Purpose 
Original 
Amount 
Principal 
Outstanding as of  
July 18, 2023 
6/12/2014 10/1/2024 Improvements, Series 223  $9,315,000  $2,855,000 
11/20/2014 9/1/2035 Taxable Improvements, Series 225  12,905,000  9,580,000 
6/11/2015 10/1/2025 Improvements, Series 226  11,695,000  3,650,000 
7/7/2015 10/1/2027 Refunding, Series 227  8,290,000  2,675,000 
6/9/2016 10/1/2031 Refunding & Improvement, Series 228  25,315,000  13,240,000 
12/15/2016 10/1/2028 Improvements, Series 229  5,765,000  2,520,000 
7/20/2017 10/1/2029 Refunding & Improvements, Series 230  27,525,000  18,270,000 
7/19/2018 10/1/2028 Improvements, Series 231  34,170,000  22,445,000 
7/1/2019 10/1/2030 Refunding & Improvements, Series 232  21,115,000  14,335,000 
7/16/2020 10/1/2031 Refunding & Improvements, Series 233  29,365,000  22,565,000 
7/15/2021 10/1/2041 Refunding & Improvements, Series 234 (1)  98,445,000  89,105,000 
7/19/2022 10/1/2042 Improvements, Series 235   19,800,000 19,800,000 
7/18/2023 10/1/2043 Improvements, Series 2023A  35,655,000 35,655,000 
     Total $256,695,000 
 
(1) A portion of the Series 234 Bonds are expected to be paid from the net revenues of the City’s water and sewer system; however, 
the Series 234 Bonds are ultimately legally secured by only the City’s ability to levy unlimited ad valorem taxes. 
 
Source:  City of Olathe. 
 
 
General Obligation Temporary Notes 
 
Dated 
Date of 
Issue 
Final 
Maturity Purpose 
Original  
Amount 
Principal 
Outstanding as of  
July 18, 2023 
7/19/2022 8/1/2023 Temporary Notes, Series 2022-A  $65,740,000 $0 
7/18/2023 8/1/2024 Temporary Notes, Series 2023-A 72,140,000 72,140,000 
   Total $72,140,000 
 
Note:  General Obligation Temporary Notes, Series 2023-A are expected to be issued on July 18, 2023. A portion of the proceeds 
of such temporary notes and the City’s General Obligation Improvement Bonds, Series 2023A, will be used to redeem the General 
Obligation Temporary Notes, Series 2022-A at maturity.   
 
 
[Balance of page intentionally left blank] 
 
   
 A-20 
Water and Sewer System Revenue Bonds (“Parity Bonds”) 
 
Dated Date 
of Issue 
Original 
Amount Purpose 
Final 
Maturity 
Principal 
Outstanding 
as of  
Dated Date(1) 
12/18/2012  $9,585,000  Water & Sewer Improvements, 2012 7/1/2032  $4,815,000 
10/1/2015  18,895,000  Water & Sewer Improvements, 2015 7/1/2035 12,835,000 
4/4/2017  11,340,000  Water & Sewer Imp. and Refunding, 2017 7/1/2037 8,210,000 
4/3/2018  11,580,000  Water & Sewer Improvements, 2018 7/1/2038 9,510,000 
4/18/2019  16,360,000  Water & Sewer Imp. and Refunding, 2019 7/1/2039 13,715,000 
5/19/2020  13,335,000  Water & Sewer Imp. and Refunding, 2020 7/1/2040 10,460,000 
5/20/2021 35,270,000 Water & Sewer Imp. and Refunding, 2021 7/1/2041 30,730,000 
7/12/2022 11,740,000 Water & Sewer Improvements, 2022 7/1/2042 11,305,000 
7/11/2023 5,280,000 Water & Sewer Improvements, 2023 7/1/2043 5,280,000 
   Total $106,860,000 
 
(1)  Does not include principal payments payable on July 1, 2023. 
 
Stormwater System Revenue Bonds 
 
Dated Date 
of Issue 
Original 
Amount Purpose 
Final 
Maturity 
Principal 
Outstanding 
as of  
Dated Date 
2/20/2019  $3,225,000 Stormwater Improvements, Series 2019 10/1/2038  $2,740,000 
7/12/2022 3,025,000 Stormwater Improvements, Series 2022 10/1/2042 3,025,000 
   Total $5,765,000 
 
State Revolving Fund Loans 
 
The City has entered into the following  loan agreements with the State of Kansas to finance various 
construction improvements to the City ’s water and wastewater treatment systems. Payments for these loans are 
subordinate to the payment of the water and sewer system bonds listed above, together with a pledge of unlimited ad 
valorem property tax levies of the City.   
 
Purpose of 
Indebtedness 
Dated 
Date 
Final 
Payment Date 
Original 
Principal  
Amount 
Amount 
Outstanding  
as of 3/31/2023 
Cedar Creek WWTP Sludge 07/16/03 09/01/24 $2,184,000  $211,567 
Cedar Creek WWTP Effluent 03/07/06 09/01/26 768,500 179,445 
42” Finished Water Transmission 11/13/07 09/01/28 16,883,916 6,413,328 
Cedar Creek WWTP Expansion 03/09/09 03/01/29 5,000,000 1,787,118 
   Total  $8,591,158 
 
 
   
 A-21 
Special Obligation Revenue Bonds 
  
While the City is the issuer of the bonds noted below, each series of bonds is supported solely by the economic 
development district benefitting from the issuance of such bonds and is not secured by any general obligation or annual 
appropriation pledge by the City. 
 
Dated Date 
of Issue Original Amount Purpose Final Maturity 
Est. Amount 
Outstanding as of  
Dated Date 
12/15/2006 $13,030,000 TIF – Gateway 3/1/2026  $6,830,201  
12/15/2006 9,195,000 TDD – Gateway 12/1/2028 6,481,800 
7/1/2007 16,565,000 TIF – West Village 9/1/2026 5,040,000 
   Total $18,352,001  
 
 
Lease Obligations 
        
Dated Date  
of Issue 
 
Original Amount 
 
Purpose 
 
Final Maturity 
Est. Amount 
Outstanding as of  
Dated Date 
2022 $170,849 Office Equipment 2026 $170,849  
   Total $170,849 
 
Debt Payment Record 
 
The City has never in its history defaulted on the payment of any of its direct debt obligations nor has it 
defaulted on any of its lease obligations. 
 
An event of default occurred with respect to certain special obligation bonds issued by the City to fund 
improvements related to the Olathe Gateway project. Principal and interest payment delinquencies occurred with 
respect to Special Obligation Transporta tion Development District Sales Tax Revenue Bonds (The Olathe Gateway 
TDD No. 1a Project), Series 2006 and Special Obligation Tax Increment Revenue Bonds (The Olathe Gateway TIF 
Area 1 Project), Series 2006. These bonds are not secured by any general oblig ation or annual appropriation pledge 
of the City.  
 
Historical Debt Information 
 
Calendar 
Year Population(1) 
Assessed 
Valuation Actual Value GO Debt(2) 
GO Debt  
to Actual 
Value 
GO Debt  
to Assessed 
Value 
Per Capita 
GO Debt 
2022 151,780  $2,650,303,057 $17,693,799,521   $221,040,000  1.25% 8.34%  $1,456  
2021 148,665  2,448,806,626 17,466,684,440  227,265,000 1.30 9.28  1,529 
2020  145,459   2,338,399,935  16,060,301,000   171,055,000  1.07 7.32  1,176  
2019  142,767   2,231,701,879   15,293,254,000   173,795,000  1.14 7.79  1,217  
2018  141,116   2,101,221,249   14,364,117,000   186,735,000  1.30 8.89  1,323  
 
(1) City estimate. 
(2) Excludes temporary notes.  Debt is as of December 31 of each year. 
 
Source:  City of Olathe; County Clerk. 
 
   
 A-22 
Private Purpose Bonds 
 
The City issues private activity bonds (Industrial Revenue Bonds) on behalf of other parties to encourage 
economic development. The City has no obligation, either directly or indirectly, for payment of principal of or interest 
on such bonds. 
 
Overlapping Debt 
 
Taxing Unit(1) 
Total Debt 
Outstanding Percent 
Debt Applicable to 
Assessed Value in City  
Johnson County (2)  $262,880,000 18.22% $47,896,736 
U.S.D. No. 229 (Blue Valley)  341,215,000 3.28 11,191,852 
U.S.D. No. 230 (Spring Hill)  214,565,000 40.79 87,521,064 
U.S.D. No. 231 (Gardner - Edgerton)  105,365,000 1.37 1,443,501 
U.S.D. No. 232 (De Soto)  146,705,000 2.11 3,095,476 
U.S.D. No. 233 (Olathe)  727,811,440 69.47 505,610,607 
Johnson County Fire District No. 2  4,615,000 0.26 11,999 
Total   $656,771,234  
 
(1) Only those taxing units that have general obligation debt outstanding are shown. Unless otherwise noted below, the source for  
this data is Johnson County Records and Tax Administration. 
(2) Source: The County as of December 31, 2022.  Excludes general obligation debt intended to be repaid by certain revenues 
(including utility revenues) and special assessments and includes $250,410,000 of lease purchase revenue bonds issued by the Public 
Building Commission of Johnson County (PBC) which are payable solely from lease payments received by the PBC from Johnson 
County. 
 
Future Financing 
 
 Every year, the City prepares a five-year Capital Improvements Program (“CIP”). The CIP includes estimated 
costs for constructing, upgrading, and replacing the City’s p hysical infrastructures. The CIP for fiscal years 202 3 to 
2027 includes projects totaling an estimated $471 million to be financed by a variety of funding sources. No additional 
System revenue bonds are currently expected to be issued in 2023. 
 
In mid-2023, the City expects to issue approximately $35.7M in general obligation bonds and approximately 
$72.1M in general obligation temporary notes to fund various public improvements. 
 
 
[Balance of page intentionally left blank] 
  
 
APPENDIX B 
 
FORM OF CONTINUING DISCLOSURE UNDERTAKING 
 
  (THIS PAGE LEFT BLANK INTENTIONALLY) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
__________________________________________ 
 
 
CONTINUING DISCLOSURE UNDERTAKING 
 
Dated as of July 11, 2023 
 
__________________________________________ 
 
 
 
By 
 
 
CITY OF OLATHE, KANSAS 
 
 
 
____________________________________ 
 
$5,280,000 
Water and Sewer System Improvement Revenue Bonds 
Series 2023 
____________________________________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
CONTINUING DISCLOSURE UNDERTAKING 
 
 
 This CONTINUING DISCLOSURE UNDERTAKING dated as of July 11, 2023  (this 
“Continuing Disclosure Undertaking”), is executed and delivered by CITY OF OLATHE, KANSAS 
(the “Issuer”). 
 
RECITALS 
 
 1. This Continuing Disclosure Undertaking  is executed and delivered  by the Issuer  in 
connection with the issuance by the  Issuer of $5,280,000 Water and Sewer System  Improvement 
Revenue Bonds, Series 2023 (the “Bonds”), pursuant to a n Ordinance and a  Resolution adopted by the  
governing body of the Issuer (collectively, the “Resolution”). 
 
 2. The Issuer is entering into this Continuing Disclosure Undertaking for the benefit of the 
Beneficial Owners of the Bonds and in order to assis t the Participating Underwriter  in complying with 
Rule 15c2-12 of the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the 
“Rule”).  The Issuer is the only “obligated person”  with responsibility for continuing disclosure 
hereunder. 
 
 The Issuer covenants and agrees as follows: 
 
 Section 1. Definitions.  In addition to the definitions set forth in the Resolution, which 
apply to any capitalized term used in this Continuing Disclosure Undertaking unless otherwise defined in 
this Section, the following capitalized terms shall have the following meanings: 
 
 “Annual Report” means any Annual Report provided by the Issuer pursuant to, and as described 
in, Section 2 of this Continuing Disclosure Undertaking. 
 
 “Beneficial Owner” means any registered owner of any Bonds and any person which (a) has the 
power, directly or indirectly, to vote or consent with respect to, or to dispose of ownership of, any Bonds 
(including persons holding Bond s through nominees, depositories or other intermediaries), or (b) is 
treated as the owner of any Bonds for federal income tax purposes. 
 
 “Business Day” means a day other than (a) a Saturday, Sunday  or legal holiday, (b) a day on 
which banks located in any city in which the principal office or designated payment office of the paying 
agent or the Dissemination Agent is located are required or authorized by law to remain closed, or (c) a 
day on which the Securities Depository or the New York Stock Exchange is closed. 
 
 “Dissemination Agent”  means any entity designated in writing by the Issuer to serve as 
dissemination agent pursuant to this Continuing Disclosure Undertaking and which has filed with the 
Issuer a written acceptance of such designation.  
 
“EMMA” means the Electronic Municipal Ma rket Access system for municipal securities 
disclosures established and maintained by the MSRB, which can be accessed at www.emma.msrb.org. 
 
“Financial Obligation ” means a (a) debt obligation; (b) derivative instrument entered into in 
connection with, or pledged as security or a source of payment for, an existing or planned debt obligation; 
or (c) guarantee of (a) or (b)  in this definition; provided however, the term Financial Obligation shall not  
 2 
include municipal securities as to which a final official st atement has been provided to the MSRB 
consistent with the Rule. 
 
 “Fiscal Year” means the 12-month period beginning on January 1 and ending on December 31 
or any other 12-month period selected by the Issuer as the Fiscal Year of the Issuer for financial reporting 
purposes. 
 
 “Material Events” means any of the events listed in Section 3  of this Continuing Disclosure 
Undertaking. 
 
 “MSRB” means the Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board, or any successor repository 
designated as such by the Securities and Exchange Commission in accordance with the Rule. 
 
 “Participating Underwriter” means any of the original underwriter (s) of the Bonds required to 
comply with the Rule in connection with the offering of the Bonds. 
 
 “System” means the entire waterworks plant and system and sewerage plant and system owned and 
operated by the Issuer for the production, storage, treatment and distribution of water and for the collection, 
treatment and disposal of sewage together with all alterations, repairs, extensions, enlargements and 
improvements thereto hereafter made or acquired by the Issuer. 
 
 Section 2. Provision of Annual Reports. 
 
 (a) The Issuer shall , not later than 180 days after  the end of the Issuer’s Fiscal Year, 
commencing with the year ending December 31 , 2023, file with  the MSRB, through 
EMMA, the following financial information and operating data (the “Annual Report”): 
 
 (1) The audited financial statements of the System for the prior Fiscal Year, prepared 
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. 
 If audited financial statements are not available by the time the Annual Report is 
required to be provided pursuant to this Section, the Annual Report shall contain 
unaudited financial statements in a format similar to the summary unaudited 
financial information contained in the final Official Statement relating to the 
Bonds, and the audited financial statements shall be provided in the same manner 
as the Annual Report promptly after they become available.   
 
 (2) Updates as of the end of the Fiscal Year of certain financial information and 
operating data contained in the final Official Statement  related to the Bonds , as 
described in Exhibit A, in substantially the same format contained in the final 
Official Statement  with such adjustments to formatting or presentation 
determined to be reasonable by the Issuer. 
 
 Any or all of the items listed above may be included by specific reference to other  
documents, including official statements of debt issues with respect to which the Issuer is 
an “obligated person” (as defined by the Rule), which have been provided to the MSRB 
and are available through EMMA  or the Securities and Exchange Commission.  If the 
document included by reference is a final official statement, it must be available from the 
MSRB on EMMA .  The Issuer shall clearly identify each such other document so 
included by reference.  
 3 
 
 In each case, the Annual Report may be submitted as a sing le document or as separate 
documents comprising a package and may cross -reference other information as provided 
in this Section; provided that the audited financial statements of the Issuer may be 
submitted separately from the balance of the Annual Report and later than the date 
required above for the filing of the Annual Report if they are not available by that date.  If 
the Issuer’s Fiscal Year changes, it shall give notice of such change in the same manner as 
for a Material Event under Section 3, and the  Annual Report deadline provided above 
shall automatically become 180 days after the end of the Issuer’s new Fiscal Year. 
 
(b) The Annual Report shall be filed with the MSRB in such manner and format as is 
prescribed by the MSRB. 
 
 Section 3. Reporting of Material Events.   Not later than  10 Business Days after the 
occurrence of any of the following events , the Issuer shall give, or cause to be given  to the MSRB, 
through EMMA, notice of the occurrence of any of the following events with respect to the Bonds 
(“Material Events”): 
 
 (1) principal and interest payment delinquencies; 
 (2) non-payment related defaults, if material; 
 (3) unscheduled draws on debt service reserves reflecting financial difficulties; 
 (4) unscheduled draws on credit enhancements reflecting financial difficulties; 
 (5) substitution of credit or liquidity providers, or their failure to perform; 
 (6) adverse tax opinions,  the issuance by the Internal Revenue Service of proposed or final 
determinations of taxability, No tices of Proposed Issue (IRS Form 570 1-TEB) or other 
material notices or determinations with respect to the tax status of the Bond s, or other 
material events affecting the tax status of the Bonds; 
 (7) modifications to rights of bondholders, if material; 
 (8) bond calls, if material, and tender offers; 
 (9) defeasances; 
 (10) release, substitution or sale of property securing repayment of the Bonds, if material; 
 (11) rating changes; 
 (12) bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar event of the obligated person; 
 (13) the consummation of a merger, consolidation, or acquisition involving the obligated 
person or the sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the obligated person, other 
than in the ordinary course of business, the entry into a defin itive agreement to undertake 
such an action or the termination of a definitive agreement relating to any such actions, 
other than pursuant to its terms, if material; 
 (14) appointment of a successor or additional trustee or the change of name of the truste e, if 
material; 
 (15) incurrence of a Financial Obligation of the obligated person, if material, or agreement to 
covenants, events of default, remedies, priority rights, or other similar terms of a 
Financial Obligation of the obligated person, any of which  affect security holders, if 
material; and 
 (16) default, event of acceleration, termination event, modification of terms, or other similar 
events under the terms of a Financial Obligation of the obligated person, any of which 
reflect financial difficulties. 
  
 4 
 If the Issuer has not submitted the Annual Report to the MSRB by the date required in Section 
2(a), the Issuer shall send a notice to the MSRB of the failure of the Issuer to file on a timely basis the 
Annual Report, which notice shall be given by the Issuer in accordance with this Section 3. 
 
 Section 4. Termination of Reporting Obligation.   The Issuer ’s obligations under this 
Continuing Disclosure Undertaking  shall terminate upon the legal defeasance, prior redemption or 
payment in full of all of the Bonds.  If the Issuer’s obligations under this Continuing Disclosure 
Undertaking are assumed in full by  some other entity, such person shall be responsible for compliance 
with this Continuing Disclosure Undertaking in the same manner as if it were the Issuer, and the Issuer 
shall have no further responsibility hereunder.  If such termination or substitution occurs prior to the final 
maturity of the Bonds, the Issuer shall give notice of such termination or substitution in the same manner 
as for a Material Event under Section 3. 
 
 Section 5. Dissemination Agents.  The Issuer may, from time to time, appoint or  engage a 
Dissemination Agent to assist it in carrying out its obligations under this Continuing Disclosure 
Undertaking, and may discharge any such  Dissemination Agent, with or without appointing a successor 
Dissemination Agent.  Any Dissemination Agent may resign as dissemination agent hereunder at any time 
upon 30 days prior written notice to the Issuer.  The Dissemination Agent shall not be responsible in any 
manner for the content of any notice or report (including without limitation the Annual Report) prepared 
by the Issuer pursuant to this Continuing Disclosure Undertaking. 
 
 Section 6. Amendment; Waiver.  Notwithstanding any other provision of this Continuing 
Disclosure Undertaking, the Issuer may amend this Continuing Disclosure Undertaking and any provision 
of this Continuing Disclosure Undertaking may be waived, provided that Bond Counsel or other counsel 
experienced in federal securities law matters provides the Issuer with its written opinion that the 
undertaking of the Issuer contained herein, as  so amended or after giving effect to such waiver, is in 
compliance with the Rule and all current amendments thereto and interpretations thereof that are 
applicable to this Continuing Disclosure Undertaking. 
 
 In the event of any amendment or waiver of a p rovision of this Continuing Disclosure 
Undertaking, the Issuer shall describe such amendment or waiver in the next Annual Report, and shall 
include, as applicable, a narrative explanation of the reason for the amendment or waiver and its impact 
on the type  (or, in the case of a change of accounting principles, on the presentation) of financial 
information or operating data being presented by the Issuer.  In addition, if the amendment relates to the 
accounting principles to be followed in preparing financial  statements, (1) notice of such change shall be 
given in the same manner as for a Material Event under Section 3, and (2) the Annual Report for the year 
in which the change is made should present a comparison (in narrative form and also, if feasible, in 
quantitative form) between the financial statements as prepared on the basis of the new accounting 
principles and those prepared on the basis of the former accounting principles. 
 
 Section 7. Additional Information.   Nothing in this Continuing Disclosure Und ertaking 
shall be deemed to prevent the Issuer from disseminating any other information, using the means of 
dissemination set forth in this Continuing Disclosure Undertaking or any other means of communication, 
or including any other information in any Ann ual Report or notice of occurrence of a Material Event, in 
addition to that required by this Continuing Disclosure Undertaking.  If the Issuer chooses to include any 
information in any Annual Report or notice of occurrence of a Material Event, in addition to that 
specifically required by this Continuing Disclosure Undertaking, the Issuer shall have no obligation under 
this Continuing Disclosure Undertaking  to update such information or include it in any future Annual 
Report or notice of occurrence of a Material Event.  
 5 
 
 Section 8. Default.  If the Issuer fails to comply with any provision of this Continuing 
Disclosure Undertaking, any Participating Underwriter or any Beneficial Owner of the Bonds may take 
such actions as may be necessary and appropriate, inc luding seeking mandamus or specific performance 
by court order, to cause the Issuer to comply with its obligations under this Continuing Disclosure 
Undertaking.  A default under this Continuing Disclosure Undertaking  shall not be deemed an event of 
default under the Resolution or the Bonds , and the sole remedy under this Continuing Disclosure 
Undertaking in the event of any failure of the Issuer to comply with this Continuing Disclosure 
Undertaking shall be an action to compel performance. 
 
 Section 9. Beneficiaries.  This Continuing Disclosure Undertaking shall inure solely to the 
benefit of the Issuer, the Participating Underwriter, and the Beneficial Owners from time to time of the 
Bonds and shall create no rights in any other person or entity. 
 
 Section 10. Severability.  If any provision in this Continuing Disclosure Undertaking , the 
Resolution or the Bonds shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability 
of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 
 
 Section 11. Electronic Transactions.  The arrangement described herein may be conducted 
and related documents may be sent, received, or stored by electronic means.  Copies, telecopies, 
facsimiles, electronic files and other reproductions of original documents shall be deemed to be authentic 
and valid counterparts of such original documents for all purposes, including the filing of any claim, 
action or suit in the appropriate court of law. 
 
 Section 12. Governing Law.  This Continuing Disclosure Undertaking shall be governed by 
and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Kansas. 
 
 
 
[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank.] 
  
Continuing Disclosure Undertaking S-1 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuer has caused this Continuing Disclosure Undertaking to be 
executed as of the day and year first above written. 
 
 CITY OF OLATHE, KANSAS 
 
 
 
 By:  ___________________________________ 
 Title: Mayor 
  
 
EXHIBIT A 
TO CONTINUING DISCLOSURE UNDERTAKING 
 
 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION AND OPERATING DATA TO BE 
INCLUDED IN ANNUAL REPORT 
 
 
 The financial information and operating data contained in the following sections and tables 
contained in Appendix A of the final Official Statement relating to the Bonds  (with such modifications to 
the formatting and general presentation thereof as deemed appropriate by the Issuer): 
 
 
• Historical Financials 
• Number of Customers 
• Water Production Requirements 
• Sewage Treatment Requirements 
• Water and Sewer Peak Daily Demand 
• Largest Customers  
 
APPENDIX C 
 
ANNUAL COMPREHENSIVE FINANCIAL REPORT 
(FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED 12/31/2022) 
  (THIS PAGE LEFT BLANK INTENTIONALLY) 
For Year Ended December 31, 2022
CITY OF OLATHE, KANSAS
ANNUAL COMPREHENSIVE
Financial
ReportLeEtta Felter
Ronald R. Shaver
J. Michael Wilkes
City Clerk
Brenda Long
Legal Counsel
Deputy City Manager
Susan E. Sherman
Briana Burrichter, Chief Financial Officer
Jamie Robichaud, Economy Director
Erin Hanavan, Financial Services Manager
Principal Officials
Mayor
John Bacon
City Council
Kevin Gilmore
City of Olathe, Kansas
Annual Comprehensive Financial Report
Year Ended December 31, 2022
Prepared by Economy Focus Area
Wesley McCoy
Adam Mickelson
Marge Vogt
Robyn Essex
City Manager_ OLATHE K AN SA S$
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 Page
Introductory Section
Letter of Transmittal . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . i
GFOA Certificate of Achievement . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
. v
Organizational Chart . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . vi
Financial Section
Report of Independent Auditor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1
Management's Discussion and Analysis . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 4
Basic Financial Statements:
  Government-wide Financial Statements:
    Statement of Net Position . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 14
    Statement of Activities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 15
  Fund Financial Statements:
    Balance Sheet - Governmental Funds . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 17
    Reconciliation of the Balance Sheet of Governmental Funds to the 
      Statement of Net Position . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 18
    Statement of Revenues, Expenditures, and Changes in Fund
      Balances - Governmental Funds . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 19
    Reconciliation of the Statement of Revenues, Expenditures, and Changes
       in Fund Balances of Governmental Funds to the Statement of Activities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 20
    Statement of Revenues, Expenditures, and Changes in Fund Balance
      Budget and Actual - Budgetary Basis - General Fund . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 21
    Statement of Net Position - Proprietary Funds . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 22
    Statement of Revenues, Expenses, and Changes in Fund Net Position -
      Proprietary Funds . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 24
    Statement of Cash Flows - Proprietary Funds . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 25
  Notes to the Basic Financial Statements . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 27
Required Supplementary Information:
  Schedule of Changes in the City's Total KPERS OPEB Total Liability and Related Ratios…............
. 71
  Schedule of Changes in the City's Total OPEB Total Liability and Related Ratios….......................... 72
  Schedule of Net Pension Liability. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 73
  Schedule of Agency Contributions. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 74
  Changes in Benefit Terms for Kansas Public Employees' Retirement System. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 75
Other Supplementary Information:
Combining and Individual Fund Statements and Schedules
Nonmajor Governmental Funds:
  Combining Balance Sheet - Nonmajor Governmental Funds . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 78
  Combining Statement of Revenues, Expenditures, and Changes in Fund
    Balances - Nonmajor Governmental Funds . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 80
Table of Contents
City of Olathe, Kansas
Comprehensive Annual Financial Report
Year Ended December 31, 2022Page
Budgetary Schedules:
  Combining Schedule of Revenues, Expenditures, and Changes in Fund Balances - 
    Budget and Actual - Budgetary Basis - Budgeted Special Revenue Funds . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 82
  Schedule of Revenues, Expenditures, and Changes in Fund Balance - 
    Budget and Actual - Budgetary Basis - Park Sales Tax Fund . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 85
  Schedule of Revenues, Expenditures, and Changes in Fund Balance - 
    Budget and Actual - Budgetary Basis - Street Maintenance Sales Tax Fund . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 86
  Schedule of Revenues, Expenditures, and Changes in Fund Balance - 
    Budget and Actual - Budgetary Basis - Debt Service Fund . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 87
  Schedule of Revenues, Expenditures, and Changes in Fund Balance
    Budget and Actual - Budgetary Basis - Special Tax Financing Fund . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  . . . . . . . . 88
Internal Service Funds:
  Combining Statement of Net Position . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 89
  Combining Statement of Revenues, Expenses, and Changes in Net Position . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
. 90
  Combining Statement of Cash Flows. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 91
Discretely Presented Component Unit
  Statement of Net Position . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 92
  Statement of Revenues, Expenses, and Changes in Net Position . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
. 93
  Statement of Cash Flows . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 94
Statistical Section
Net Position by Component . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 95
Changes in Net Position. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 96
Fund Balances, Governmental Funds. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 98
Changes in Fund Balances, Governmental Funds. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 99
Tax and Special Assessment Revenues by Source, Governmental Funds. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 100
Taxable Sales by Category. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 101
Direct and Overlapping Sales Tax Rates . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 102
Assessed and Estimated Actual Value of Taxable Property. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 103
Property Tax Rates. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 104
Principal Property Tax Payers . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 105
Property Tax Levies and Collections . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 106
Special Assessment Collections . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 107
Ratios of Outstanding Debt by Type . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 108
Ratios of  Net General Bonded Debt Outstanding. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 109
Direct and Overlapping Governmental Activities Debt . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1 10
Legal Debt Margin Information . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 111
Pledged Revenue Coverage . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
. 112
Demographic and Economic Statistics . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 113
Principal Employers . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 114
City Government Employees by Function/Program . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 115
Operating Indicators by Function/Program . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 116
Capital Asset Statistics by Function/Program . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 117
Water and Sewer Information . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 118
Risk Management Fund . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 121
City of Olathe, Kansas
Table of Contents (continued)Introductory Section
Introductory Sectioni 
May 31, 2023 
Honorable Mayor, Members of the City Council,  
and Citizens of the City of Olathe, Kansas 
Finance Services is pleased to present the Annual Comprehensive Financial Report (ACFR) of the City of Olathe, 
Kansas (the City), for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022.  
Management of the City assumes full responsibility for the accuracy, completeness, and fairness of the data 
presented, including all disclosures, based upon a compr ehensive framework of internal control that has been 
established for this purpose. Because the cost of inte rnal control should not exceed anticipated benefits, the 
objective is to provide reasonable, rather than absolute , assurance that the financia l statements are free of any 
material misstatements.  To the best of our knowledge and belief, the enclosed data is accurate in all material 
aspects and is presented in a manner designed to present fairly the financial position and results of operations of 
the various funds of the government. All disclosures necessary to enable the reader to gain an understanding of 
the City’s financial activities have been included.  
Accounting principles generally acc epted in the United States of Amer ica (GAAP) require that management 
provide a narrative introduction, overview, and analysis to  accompany the basic financial statements in the form 
of Management’s Discussion and Analysis (MD&A).  This letter of transmittal is designed to complement the 
MD&A and should be read in conjunction with it. The City’s MD&A can be found immediately following the report 
of the independent auditors. 
The City’s financial statements have been audited by Allen, Gibbs, & Houlik, L.C. as required by K.S.A. 75-1122.  
The goal of the independent audit is to provide reasonable assurance that the financial statements of the City for 
the year ended December 31, 2022, are free from mate rial misstatement. The independent auditors’ report is 
presented as the first component of the financial section of this report. 
The City is required to undergo an annual single audit in conformity with the provisions of the Single Audit Act of 
1996 and Title 2 U.S. Code of Federal Regulations (CFR) Part 200, Uniform Administrative Requirements, Cost 
Principles, and Audit Requirements for Federal Awards. As  a recipient of federal, state, and local financial 
assistance, the City is also responsible for ensuring t hat an adequate internal control structure is in place to 
maintain compliance with applicable laws and regulations related to those programs. This internal control structure 
is subject to periodic evaluation by management of the City.  
In evaluating the City as a reporting entity, man agement has considered all potential component units. 
Determination of whether an entity is controlled by, or  dependent on, the City is made on the basis of budget 
adoption, taxing authority, outstanding debt secured by rev enues or general obligations of the City, or the City’s 
obligation to fund any deficit that ma y occur.  As required by GAAP, the City has included the Olathe Public 
Housing Authority’s activities in its financial statements as a discretely presented component unit. 
Profile of the City 
Olathe has always been an important destination – just as it is today. Among its earliest visitors were those who 
traveled the Santa Fe Trail, whether they were turn-of-the-century freighters ferrying cargo to the Southwest, farm 
families on the move to Oregon, or stagecoach travelers stopping at Mahaffie Stagecoach Stop and Farm while 
ii 
 
making their way west. Olathe played a vital role in Western expansion as the site where three historic trails – the 
Santa Fe, Oregon, and California trails – converged. 
The City was founded in 1857. Its name was derived fr om the Shawnee Indian word for “beautiful” and is 
pronounced “o-LAY-tha.”  The City operates under a Mayor-Council form of government with the addition of a City 
Manager. The Mayor is elected at-large for a four-year term. Four of the six council members are elected on a 
non-partisan basis by wards for four-year terms. The other two council members are elected on a non-partisan 
basis by the City at large for a four -year term. The City Manager is appoint ed by the Mayor and City Council as 
the Chief Administrative Officer of the City and is charged with the efficient and effective administration of the City. 
As a city in a free state, Olathe was the scene of Civil War clashes. After the war, businesses opened, churches 
and cultural centers were built, and the community fl ourished. Olathe is home to Mid-America Nazarene 
University, the largest private college in the State, and the Kansas School for the Deaf, a 15-acre campus founded 
in 1861. Today, Olathe is a full-service community operating its own water, wastewater, and refuse programs as 
well as a full array of public safety, public works, and development and support services. 
Olathe has encountered tremendous growth over the la st several decades and evolved into the dynamic 
community it is today. Olathe is the county seat of Johnson County, Kansas, the Greater Kansas City area’s most 
affluent and fastest-growing county. Olathe’s strong and steady growth began about 50 years ago. Olathe was 
still a small, rural town in the 1960s with a populat ion of just over 10,000. Olathe began to experience a 
tremendous amount of growth that continues today; adding nearly 57,000 new residents since 2000.  The City 
estimates the 2022 population to be 151,780 making it the second largest city in Johnson County and the fourth 
largest city in the State. Olathe has blossomed not only into a full-blown city, but also a strong suburban community 
in the southwest portion of the metropolitan Kansas City area. 
 
The City is also financially accountable for a legally separate housing authority, which is reported as a component 
unit in the City’s financial statements. 
 
Expenditures are authorized in a budget, approved by the City Council, as required by state statute. Expenditures 
cannot exceed the budgeted amount for each fund. Budgetary control is mainta ined through the use of an 
encumbrance system.  As purchase orders are issued , corresponding amounts of appropriations are reserved 
with the use of encumbrances, for later payment, so t hat appropriations may not be overspent. Kansas statute 
also requires unencumbered cash to be on hand bef ore an obligation can be incurred. Budget-to-actual 
comparisons are provided in this report for each i ndividual fund for which an appropriated budget has been 
adopted. 
 
Factors Affecting Financial Condition 
 
Local Economy   
 
The City is a fast-growing community with an average of over five new residents every day over the last decade. 
The recent expansion of industrial and commercial businesses provides new jobs for local and regional residents. 
The City has transformed from a bedroom community into  a force in the Kansas City Metropolitan Area. It 
continues to be an attractive location for both families and businesses. At the end of 2022, the City’s 
unemployment rate was approximately 2.0% compared to 2. 9% for the State of Kansas and the national rate of 
3.5%. Recent City awards include: 
 NAACP Diversity Advocate in Government Award 
 ETC Institute’s Leading the Way Award” 
 American Public Works Association (A PWA) Project of the Year Award  
 American Council of Engineering Companies (ACE C) of Kansas Engineering Excellence Award  
 National Association of Clean Water Awards  
 Cigna Well-Being Award  
 SmartAsset’s Safest Cities in America 
 Kansas City Business Journals’ Healthiest Employers  
 
 iii 
 
 
 
 
 
Long-Term Financial Planning
   
 
The City prepares a five-year Capital Improvement Plan (CIP). The CIP includes estimated costs for constructing, 
upgrading, and replacing the City’s physical infrastructu re The fiscal year 2023-2027 CIP includes project costs 
totaling an estimated $471 million. In preparing the capital budget, needs are assessed, public improvements are 
prioritized, and costs are projected. This budget is reviewed annually as projects are re-prioritized and the financial 
condition of the City is evaluated. The City has been bu ilding fund balance in the Debt Service Fund for several 
years which will help keep the mill levy rate constant as severa l major projects are bo nded (Downtown Library, 
Street Reconstruction and Arterial Improvements, Police Building Expansion, and the Lake Olathe/Park Master 
Plan). 
 
In addition to the infrastructure projects contained in th e CIP, the City works closely with the Olathe Chamber of 
Commerce to aggressively promote economic development by attracting companies to locate or relocate facilities 
to Olathe. Retail manufacturing/distribution and office development continues to grow throughout the City. In 2022, 
nearly 800,000 square feet of new construction development opened for an investment of $191 million.  Through 
economic initiatives, approximately 1,000 jobs were created or retained in 2022. Major projects in 2022 include: 
 
 KCAS Bioanalytical and Biomarker Services - $19 million investment 
 Lineage Logistics - $100 million investment and 150 employees 
 Arrello Apartments - $36 million investment 
 
Relevant Financial Policies  
 
Olathe’s 2040 Strategic Plan, adopted in 2019, was desig ned to guide the City down a path of resilience and 
prosperity. The plan is organized into five focus areas: Future Ready, Quality of Li fe, Infrastructure, Economy, 
and Exceptional Services. The 2040 Strategic Plan helps manage progress toward the City’s long-term goals and 
support the prioritization of major investments in the community. 
 
Fiscal principles have also been established to ensure t he City meets its responsibility to citizens to carefully 
account for public funds, manage municipal finances wi sely, and plan for adequate funding of city services and 
improvements. These principles provide the framework for day-to-day decision making and are the foundation for 
long term financial stability. Fiscal principles are revi ewed by the City Manager and finance staff on a periodic 
basis to ensure the City is prepared for changing circ umstances and economic conditions. The fiscal principles 
are listed below. 
 
 The City will continuously evaluate its financial position to ensure stability of the City to its citizens. 
 The City will minimize the use of long-term debt to finance major projects to avoid placing debt on future 
taxpayers. 
 The City will provide a balanced revenue structur e which is responsive to economic conditions. 
 The budget will be prepared in a way that all current revenues will pay the costs of all current expenditures 
(balanced budget). 
 The City Council will hold public hearings which will allow public input on budgetary spending. 
 The budget will establish legal fund level spending limits. 
 The budget will establish maint enance reserves to allow for maintenance of capital assets. 
 The budget will apply one-time cash revenues to non-recurring expenditures. 
 The budget will address ma jor capital improvement priorities whic h have been prioritized by the City 
Council. 
 The City will maintain city services through innovative budgeting procedures and fiscal management to 
maintain the current mill levy rate.  
 Major Initiatives 
Stewardship has allowed the City to remain on solid financial footing. Being financially resilient has allowed the 
City to maintain its fund balance at the Council target of approximately 30% and receive an AA+ rating with both 
S&P Global and Fitch Ratings. Stewardship has also led the City to invest in its assets to ensure costs are planned 
for and controlled preventing a draining of reserves or neglect in maintenance. In 2014, Olathe voters approved 
a 3/8 cent sales tax to ensure streets are maintained at the most cost-effective level. The 2023 budget increases 
the cash allocated to that program to stay ahead of the street maintenance curve. 
Providing excellent services at an excellent value, has been, and continues to be, a consistent driver for the City. 
Citizen satisfaction remains exceptionally high. Rather than relying solely on additional manpower, the City has 
achieved those results though community partnerships, public engagement, fostering a culture of innovation and 
excellences within its employees, and technology. The 2022 DirectionFinder survey results demonstrate the City 
continues to be a leader in both the Kansas City metropolitan area and the nation in overall satisfaction as rated 
by residents. The survey shows most residents in Olathe (69%) are satisfied with the overall value received for 
the taxes and fees. 
Awards and Acknowledgements 
Government Finance Officers Association of the United States and Canada (GFOA) awarded a Certificate of 
Achievement for Excellence in Financial Reporting to the City of Olathe for its annual comprehensive financial 
report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. This was the 44'* consecutive year that the government has 
achieved this prestigious award. In order to be awarded a Certificate of Achievement, a government must publish 
an easily readable and efficiently organized annual comprehensive financial report. This report must satisfy both 
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and applicable legal requirements. 
A Certificate of Achievement is valid for a period of one year only. We believe our current annual comprehensive 
financial report continues to meet to the Certificate of Achievement Program’s requirements and will submit it to 
the GFOA to determine its eligibility for another certificate. 
In addition, the City received GFOA’s Distinguished Budget Presentation Award for its annual budget for the year 
beginning January 1, 2023, and the Popular Annual Financial Reporting Award for the fiscal year ended December 
31, 2021. 
We want to express our appreciation to the entire staff of the Financial Services Department whose 
professionalism, efficiency, and dedication are responsible for the preparation of this report. Individuals worked 
many extra hours and exhibited extraordinary effort in ensuring the accuracy and timeliness of the report. We 
would also like to thank the City Council and City Manager for the direction and support necessary to plan and 
conduct the financial operations of the City in a responsible, sound manner. Finally, we would like to extend the 
City’s thanks to Allen, Gibbs, & Houlik, L.C. for the cooperation and professional assistance provided during the 
audit of the City’s 2022 financial records. 
Respectfully submitted, 
A ° F 
\ mie Robichaud Briana Burrichter 
conomy Director Chief Financial Officer 
   
Government Finance Officers Association
Certificate of 
Achievement
for Excellence
in Financial 
Reporting
Presented to
City of Olathe
Kansas
For its Annual Comprehensive
Financial Report
For the Fiscal Year Ended
December 31, 2021
Executive Director/CEO
v Organizational Chart         
  
Mary Ann Vassar J. Michael Wilkes Katie McElhinney 
City Auditor City Manger Municipal Judge 
Susan Sherman 
Deputy City Manager 
Ron Shaver 
Legal iEclaalt=macele)(ear-lele| 
Economy 
Jeff DeGraffenreid 
Fire Erin Vader 
Exceptional Services 
Michael Butaud | oo 
Police ifm. 2 \\ Mary Jaeger 
Infrastructure 
    Mike Sirna 
Quality of life 
  vi
Organizational Chart 
14
vi Financial Section
Financial Section 
 
 
 
 
 
 
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT 
 
Honorable Mayor and City Council Members 
City of Olathe, Kansas 
 
Report on the Audit of the Financial Statements  
 
Opinions 
We have audited the accompanying financial statements of the governmental activities, the  
business-type activities, the discretely presented component unit, each major fund, and the aggregate 
remaining fund information of the City of Olathe, Kansas (the City) as of and for the year ended 
December 31, 2022, and the related notes to the financial statements, which collectively comprise the 
City’s basic financial statements as listed in the table of contents.  
 
In our opinion, the accompanying financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material 
respects, the respective financial position of the governmental activities, the business-type activities, the 
discretely presented component unit, each major fund, and the aggregate remaining fund information of 
the City of Olathe, Kansas, as of December 31, 2022, and the respective changes in financial position, 
and, where applicable, cash flows thereof and the respective budgetary comparison for the general fund 
for the year then ended in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States 
of America. 
 
Basis for Opinions 
We conducted our audit in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States 
of America (GAAS), the Kansas Municipal Audit and Accounting Guide, and the standards applicable to 
financial audits contained in Government Auditing Standards (Government Auditing Standards), issued 
by the Comptroller General of the United States. Our responsibilities under those standards are further 
described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements section of our report. 
We are required to be independent of the City and to meet our other ethical responsibilities, in accordance 
with the relevant ethical requirements relating to our audit.  We believe that the audit evidence we have 
obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinions.  
 
Responsibilities of Management for the Financial Statements 
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in 
accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, and for the 
design, implementation, and maintenance of internal control relevant to the preparation and fair 
presentation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or 
error.  
 
In preparing the financial statements, management is required to evaluate whether there are conditions 
or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the City’s ability to continue as 
a going concern for twelve months beyond the financial statement date, including any currently known 
information that may raise substantial doubt shortly thereafter.  
2 
 
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements 
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole 
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that 
includes our opinions. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not absolute assurance 
and therefore is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with GAAS and Government 
Auditing Standards will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. The risk of not detecting a 
material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve 
collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control. 
Misstatements are considered material if there is a substantial likelihood that, individually or in the 
aggregate, they would influence the judgment made by a reasonable user based on the financial 
statements. 
 
In performing an audit in accordance with GAAS and Government Auditing Standards, we 
 
 exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit. 
 identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to 
fraud or error, and design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks. Such 
procedures include examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures 
in the financial statements. 
 obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures 
that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the 
effectiveness of the City’s internal control. Accordingly, no such opinion is expressed. 
 evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of significant 
accounting estimates made by management, as well as evaluate the overall presentation of the 
financial statements. 
 conclude whether, in our judgment, there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, 
that raise substantial doubt about the City’s ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable 
period of time. 
 
We are required to communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, 
the planned scope and timing of the audit, significant audit findings, and certain internal control-related 
matters that we identified during the audit. 
 
Required Supplementary Information 
Accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America require that the management’s 
discussion and analysis and required supplementary information listed on the table of contents be 
presented to supplement the basic financial statements. Such information is the responsibility of 
management and, although not a part of the basic financial statements, is required by the Governmental 
Accounting Standards Board who considers it to be an essential part of financial reporting for placing the 
basic financial statements in an appropriate operational, economic, or historical context. We have applied 
certain limited procedures to the required supplementary information in accordance with auditing 
standards generally accepted in the United States of America, which consisted of inquiries of 
management about the methods of preparing the information and comparing the information for 
consistency with management’s responses to our inquiries, the basic financial statements, and other 
knowledge we obtained during our audit of the basic financial statements. We do not express an opinion 
or provide any assurance on the information because the limited procedures do not provide us with 
sufficient evidence to express an opinion or provide any assurance.  
3 
 
Supplementary Information 
Our audit was conducted for the purpose of forming opinions on the financial statements that collectively 
comprise the City’s basic financial statements. The combining and individual nonmajor fund financial 
statements and schedules are presented for purposes of additional analysis and are not a required part 
of the basic financial statements. Such information is the responsibility of management and was derived 
from and relates directly to the underlying accounting and other records used to prepare the basic 
financial statements. The information has been subjected to the auditing procedures applied in the audit 
of the basic financial statements and certain additional procedures, including comparing and reconciling 
such information directly to the underlying accounting and other records used to prepare the basic 
financial statements or to the basic financial statements themselves, and other additional procedures in 
accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America. In our opinion, 
the combining and individual nonmajor fund financial statements and schedules is fairly stated, in all 
material respects, in relation to the basic financial statements as a whole.  
 
Other Information 
Management is responsible for the other information included in the annual report.  The other information 
consists of the introductory, statistical and annual operating data sections as listed in the table of contents 
but does not include the basic financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.  Our opinions on the 
basic financial statements do not cover the other information, and we do not express an opinion or any 
form of assurance thereon. 
 
In connection with our audit of the basic financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other 
information and consider whether a material inconsistency exists between the other information and the 
basic financial statements, or the other information otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, 
based on the work performed, we conclude that an uncorrected material misstatement of the other 
information exists, we are required to describe it in our report. 
 
Other Reporting Required by Government Auditing Standards 
In accordance with Government Auditing Standards, we have also issued our report dated May 31, 2023 
on our consideration of the City’s internal control over financial reporting and on our tests of its compliance 
with certain provisions of laws, regulations, contracts, and grant agreements and other matters. The 
purpose of that report is solely to describe the scope of our testing of internal control over financial 
reporting and compliance and the results of that testing, and not to provide an opinion on the effectiveness 
of the City’s internal control over financial reporting or on compliance. That report is an integral part of an 
audit performed in accordance with Government Auditing Standards in considering the City’s internal 
control over financial reporting and compliance. 
 
 
 
Allen, Gibbs & Houlik, L.C 
CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS 
Overland Park, KS 
May 31, 2023 4 
 
Management’s Discussion and Analysis 
 
 
As management of the City of Olathe (City), we offer re aders of the City’s financial statements this narrative 
overview and analysis of the financial activities of the City for the year ended December 31, 2022.  We 
encourage readers to consider the information presented here in conjunction with additional information that we 
have furnished in our letter of transmittal, the City’s basic financial statements, and the related notes to the basic 
financial statements. 
 
Financial Highlights 
 
 The assets and deferred outflows of  resources of the City exceeded its liabilities and deferred inflows of 
resources as of December 31, 2022, by $999 million (net position).  Of this amount, $72 million 
(unrestricted net position) may be used to meet the City’s ongoing obligations. 
 
 The City’s net position of its government activiti es increased by $21 million or 3.3%, while the net 
position of its business-type activities saw an increase of $12 million or 3.8%. 
 
 Capital assets increased $44 million primarily due to a net in crease in construction in progress of more 
than $41 million.  The $41 million, construction in progress increase, includes key capital enhancements 
of the new Downtown Olathe Library, as well as the Police building expansion outlined in the adopted 
2022-2026 Capital Improvement Plan. 
 
 The City’s net pension liability increased $42 million or 59%. 
 
 The City’s Other liabilities increased $28 million or 35% .  Key factors in this increase were the issuance 
of temporary notes of $67,565,600,  principal payments of $49,531,641 in temporary notes, an increase 
in unearned revenue of $4,599,375 and an increase of accounts and other current liabilities of 
$4,309,420. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the fund balance for the general fund was $55 million or 44% of general fund 
revenues.  The 44% though greater than are targ et 30% reserve was expected due in part to the 
onetime $10 million in American Rescue Plan Act f unds the city opted to leverage the general 
government services allowance to co ver personnel costs. Additionally, $2.5 million will remain in fund 
balance to cover the implementation of a compens ation study in 2023. City Council has since 
authorized a transfer of $10 million to fund the Downtown Revitalization Project.  
 
The Basic Financial Statements 
 
The discussion and analysis provided here are intended to serve as an introduction to the City’s basic finance 
statements.  The City’s basic financ ial statements consist of three compone nts: (1) government-wide financial 
statements, (2) fund financial statemen ts, and (3) the notes to financial st atements.  The notes to the basic 
financial statements are essential for t he reader’s understanding of the financia l statements.  This report also 
includes supplementary information intended to furnish additional detail to support the basic financial statements 
themselves.     
 
Government-wide financial statements 
 
The government-wide financial statements are designed to provide readers with a broad overview of the City’s 
operations using the accrual basis acco unting, the basis of accounting used  by private-sector businesses.  
These statements focus on the long-term financial picture of the City as a whole.   
 
The statement of net position presents financial informat ion on all of the City’s assets, liabilities, and deferred 
inflows/outflows of resources, with the difference reported as net position.  Over time, increases or decreases in 5 
net position can be monitored, along with other non-financial factors, to determine whether the financial position 
of the City is improving or deteriorating.   
The statement of activities s hows how the City’s net position changed during the most recent fiscal year. 
This statement is unique as it shows the revenues and expenses related to specific programs and how much 
of the programs were supported by the general taxes of the City.  All changes in the net position are reported 
as soon as the underlying event giving rise to the change occ urs, regardless of the timing of related cash 
flows.  Thus, revenues and expenses are reported for some items that will only result in cash flows in future 
fiscal periods (e.g., uncollected taxes and earned but unused vacation leave).   
Both statements present the operations as either gov ernmental or business-type activities.  Governmental 
activities are the operations of the City generally supported by taxes and intergovernmental revenues, such as 
public safety, public work s, and community  services.  Bus iness activities are operations of the City that are 
intended to recover all or a significant portion of their cost s through user fees and charges.  Currently, the City’s 
business activities include water and sewer and solid waste. 
The government-wide financial statements  include not only the City itself (known as the primary government), 
but also the legally separate entity for which the City is financially accountable.  Financial information for the 
discretely presented component unit (Olathe Public Housing Authority) is reported separately from the financial 
information presented for the primary government. 
Fund financial statements 
A fund is a grouping of related accounts that is us ed to maintain c ontrol over resources that hav e been 
segregated for specific activities or objectives.  The Ci ty, like other state and local governments, uses fund 
accounting to ensure and demonstrate compliance with finance-related legal requirements.  The funds of the 
City can be divided into two categories: governmental funds and proprietary funds. 
Governmental funds 
Governmental fund financial statements are prepared on the modified accrual basis.  Under the modified accrual 
basis, revenues are recognized when they become measurable and available, and expenditures are recognized 
when the related fund liability is  incurred, except for long-term debt and other similar items, which are recorded 
when due.  The focus, therefore, is on the short-term finan cial picture of the operations reported, rather than the 
City as a whole.  Such information may be usef ul in asses sing a governm ent’s near-term financ ing 
requirements.   
Because the focus of the governmental funds is narrower than that of the government-wide financial statements, 
it is useful to compare the information presented for governmental funds with similar information presented for 
governmental activities in the government-wide financ ial statements.  By doing s o, readers may better 
understand the long-term impact of the government’s nea r-term financing decisions.  Both the governmental 
fund balance sheet and governmental fund statement of  revenues, expenditures, and changes in fund balances 
provide a reconciliation to facilitate this compar ison between the governmental  funds and governmental 
activities. 
The City maintains 19 individual gov ernmental funds.  Information is presented separately in the governmental 
fund balance s heet and the governmenta l fund statement of revenues, expenditures, and changes in fund 
balances for the General Fund, Debt Service Fund, Capital Projects Fund, and Special Tax Financing Fund 
(debt service), all of which are considered to be major f unds.  Data from the other 15 governmental funds are 
combined into a single, aggregated presentation.  Individual fund data for each of these nonmajor governmental 
funds is provided in the form of combining statements  in the supplementary information following the notes to 
the financial statements. 
The City adopts an annual appropri ated budget for the General Fund.  A budge tary comparison statement has 
been provided for this fund to demonstrate compliance with this budget. 6 
 
Proprietary funds 
 
The City maintains two different types of proprietary f unds:  enterprise funds and internal service funds.  All 
proprietary funds are prepared on the accrual basis of ac counting.  Enterprise funds are used to present the 
same information that is in the gov ernment-wide financial statements for business activities, only in greater 
detail.  The City uses enterprise funds to account for its solid waste and water and sewer operations.  Internal 
service funds are used to account for the cost of operat ions shared by various functions of the City.  The City 
uses five internal service funds to account for it s central garage, risk management, vehicle replacement, 
personal computer replacement activities, and building ma intenance.  These five funds are combined into a 
single column on the proprietary fund statement.  Comb ining statements for these funds can be found in the 
supplementary information following the notes to t he financial statements.  In the governmental-wide 
statements, the information for these in ternal service funds is presented as part of the governmental activities 
information.   
 
Notes to the Basic Financial Statements 
 
The notes to the basic financial statements provide addition al information that is necessary to acquire a full 
understanding of the data provided in the government-wide and fund financial statements.  
 
Other Information 
 
In addition to the financial statements and notes described above, required supplementary information regarding 
the City’s participation in the Kansas Public Employees Retirement System and Other Post-Employment Benefit 
Plan, has been included to give the reader further insi ght into the City’s pension and other postemployment 
benefit plan results.  The combining statements for non- major funds and budgetary schedules referred to above 
are included after the required supplementary informatio n on pension plans.  Finally, the statistical section 
includes statistical data about the City. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 7 
 
Analysis of Government-wide Statements 
 
Net Position 
 
The combined net position of the City as of December 31 was: 
 
     Governmental Activities     Business-type Activities
2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021
 
Current and other assets 367,485,513 $     348,596,710 $    87,566,842 $      72,709,535 $      455,052,355 $     421,306,245 $    
Capital assets 840,777,052        800,321,005       389,503,321       385,749,716       1,230,280,373     1,186,070,721    
Total assets 1,208,262,565    1,148,917,715    477,070,163       458,459,251       1,685,332,728     1,607,376,966    
Deferred outflows 36,894,856          24,043,632         7,038,352           4,689,366           43,933,208          28,732,998         
Long-term liabilities 304,261,060        308,116,548       131,369,749       128,549,586       435,630,809        436,666,134       
Net pension liability 98,241,243          62,044,420         15,510,533         9,327,887           113,751,776       71,372,307         
Other liabilities 104,803,640        77,087,514         1,843,614           1,787,184           106,647,254       78,874,698         
Total liabilities 507,305,943       447,248,482       148,723,896       139,664,657       656,029,839        586,913,139       
Deferred inflows of resources 70,765,133         79,814,399         3,497,620           3,639,287           74,262,753          83,453,686         
Net position
Net investment in capital assets 514,551,384       503,693,697       280,604,883       262,745,169       795,156,267        766,438,866       
Restricted 122,512,791        101,009,719       9,365,758           8,403,527           131,878,549       109,413,246       
Unrestricted 30,022,170          41,195,050         41,916,358         48,695,977         71,938,528          89,891,027         
Total net position 667,086,345$     645,898,466 $    331,886,999 $    319,844,673 $    998,973,344 $     965,743,139 $    
Totals
 
As noted earlier, net position may serve over time as a usef ul indicator of the City’s financial position.  In the 
case of the City, assets and deferred outflows of resources exceeded liabilities and deferred inflows of 
resources by $999 million at December 31, 2022.  
 
The largest portion of the City’s net position (79.6%) refl ects its investments in capital assets (e.g., land, 
buildings, infrastructure, machinery, and equipment), less any related debt used to acquire those assets that is 
still outstanding.  The City uses these capital assets to provide services to citizens; consequently, these assets 
are not available for future spending.  Although the City’s investments in its capital assets is reported net of 
related debt, it should be noted that the resources needed to repay the debt must be provided from other 
sources, since the capital assets themselves cannot be used to liquidate these liabilities. 
 
An additional portion of the City’s net position (13.2%) represents resources that are subject to external 
restrictions on how they may be used.  Unrestricted net position, which totals $72 million (7.2%), represents 
assets that may be used to meet the government’s ongoing obligations to citizens and creditors.  The 
government’s net position increased by $33 million or 3.4% during the current year. 
 
A review of the government-wide financial statement of net position reveals the following: 
 
 The City ended the year with a positive net position of $998,973,344. 
 Total assets for the City were $1,685,332,728.  Of this total, $1,230,280,373 were capital assets. 8 
 
Other Assets
27%
Capital Assets
73%
Tot al  A s s et s
 
 Total liabilities for the City were $656,029,839.  Of  these total liabilities, $435,630,809 were long-term 
liabilities. The majority of the long-term liabilities ar e for debt issued for major capital projects.  Debt 
issues are never extended longer than the useful life of the project for which debt is being issued.     
 
Long-Term 
Liabilities
67%
Other Liabilities
16%
Net Pension 
Liability
17%
Total Liabilities
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 9 
 
Statement of Activities 
 
Revenues, expenses, and changes in net position for the years ended December 31 were:  
 
2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021
Revenues:
Program revenues:
Charges for services 28,785,241 $         28,478,218 $           73,802,496 $         70,816,341 $      102,587,737 $       99,294,559 $           
Operating grants and contributions 7,562,128             3,816,162                206,860                 -                         7,768,988             3,816,162                
Capital grants and contributions 15,511,711           41,853,456              -                             -                         15,511,711           41,853,456              
General revenues:
Property taxes 61,432,277            60,297,199              -                             -                         61,432,277           60,297,199              
Sales tax 96,461,239            88,308,857              -                             -                         96,461,239           88,308,857              
Other taxes 14,758,997            12,180,705              -                             -                         14,758,997           12,180,705              
Interest 3,047,564              105,806                   335,672                 12,777                3,383,236             118,583                   
Other 4,543,878              315,531                   2,198,248              1,327,396           6,742,126              1,642,927                
Total revenues 232,103,035         235,355,934            76,543,276            72,156,514         308,646,311          307,512,448            
Expenses:
General government 29,793,717            27,620,858              -                             -                         29,793,717           27,620,858              
Public safety 60,278,175            56,950,109              -                             -                         60,278,175           56,950,109              
Public works 83,859,369            66,082,643              -                             -                         83,859,369           66,082,643              
Community services 27,984,576            21,072,224              -                             -                         27,984,576           21,072,224              
Interest on long-term debt 8,980,984              6,563,929                -                             -                         8,980,984             6,563,929                
Water and sewer -                             -                               48,603,398           46,325,732         48,603,398            46,325,732              
Solid waste -                             -                               15,915,887           14,427,967         15,915,887            14,427,967              
Total expenses 210,896,821         178,289,763            64,519,285            60,753,699         275,416,106          239,043,462            
Excess revenues before transfers 21,206,214            57,066,171              12,023,991            11,402,815         33,230,205            68,468,986              
Transfers (18,335)                  3,269,886                18,335                   (3,269,886)        -                             -                               
Change in net position 21,187,879            60,336,057              12,042,326            8,132,929           33,230,205            68,468,986              
Net position - beginning of year 645,898,466          585,562,409            319,844,673          311,711,744       965,743,139          897,274,153            
Net position - end of year 667,086,345 $       645,898,466 $         331,886,999 $       319,844,673 $    998,973,344 $       965,743,139 $         
TotalsGovernmental Activities Business-type Activities
The City’s net position increased for governmental acti vities by $21 million in 2022 compared to $60 million in 
2021.  Below is a summary of the performance and highlights: 
 
 Capital grants and contributions – Decreased $26 million from the prior year and is comparable to 
capital grants received in 2020.  Funding from federal,  state and local governments increased in 2021 
as the Coronavirus State and Local Fiscal Recovery  Funds provided funding to governments to support 
their response and recovery from the COVID-19 public health emergency.  Capital grants for the I-35 & 
119
th Street Interchange Reconfiguration program were also received in 2021. 
 
 Sales taxes – Sales and use tax increased $8.2 m illion or 9% due to inflation and a strong local 
economy with low unemployment. 
 
 Other taxes – Franchise taxes rece ived from energy providers saw an increase of $2 million from the 
prior year due in part to a raise in the transmissio n delivery charge for Evergy  customers.  The City 
collects a 5% franchise fee per agreements between the City and utility providers.  
 
 
 Interest – Investment earnings increased $3 million from the prior year due to the City engaging with a 
third-party investment advisor in early 2022 as well as a rising interest rates.   10 
 
 
 Total expenses – Increased $36 million related in part to the change in capital outlay from 2021.  In the 
statement of activities, the cost of these assets are allocated over  their estimated useful lives and 
reported as depreciation expense instead of reporting them as expenditures in 2022.  The increase also 
reflects a nation-wide trend of increased wages and benef its, due to record inflation.  The city notes this 
impact in our largest expense employees.  However, inflation is increasing expenses across contractual, 
commodities, and capital projects city wide.      
 
The City’s net position increased for business-type activities by $12 million, which is comparable to the excess 
revenues before transfers noted 2021.   2022, saw a decrease in $2.4 million in capital projects funded through 
cash transfers. 
 
The government-wide statement of activities indicates the major sources of program revenues are charges for 
water, sewer and solid waste services.  General revenues of $176 million comprised 75.7% of total revenues for 
governmental activities.  Sales and use taxes are the largest general revenue source for governmental activities 
accounting for $96 million (54.9%) of general revenues, followed by property taxes which account for $61 million 
(35.0%) of general revenues.   
 
The following graph depicts the composition of primary government revenues as presented in the statement of 
activities. 
 
2022 Revenue by Source 
 
Cha rge s for Services
33.2%
Opera ting Grants & 
Con tri butions
2.5%
Ca pi tal Grants & 
Contribut ions
5.0%Prope rty Taxes
19.9%
Sales  Tax
31.3%
Other  Taxes
4.8%
Other  Revenues
3.3%
 11 
 
 
The total cost of governmental and business-type ac tivities was $275 million.  However, $126 million was 
funded by users directly benefiting from the services or by other organizations through grants and contributions.  
The remaining $149 million of these services were paid by  the City’s taxpayers primarily through property and 
sales taxes. 
 
Analysis of the Fund Financial Statements 
 
As noted earlier, the City uses fund accounting to ensure and demonstrate compliance with finance-related legal 
requirements. 
 
Governmental funds 
 
The focus of the City’s governmental funds is to pr ovide information on near-term inflows, outflows, and 
balances of spendable resources.  Such information is useful in assessing the City’s financing requirements.  In 
particular, unassigned fund balance may serve as a usef ul measure of a government’s  net resources available 
for spending at the end of the fiscal year. 
 
The general fund is the main operating fund of the City .  At the end of 2022, the fund balance of the general 
fund was $55,400,721 which is 44.2% of  the total general fund revenues and an increase of 53.3% over the 
previous year’s balance.  This change is due to an increase in tax, primarily sales and use, revenues and a 
decrease in expenditures.  The general fund saw a decreas e in expenditures, as the City elected to use a 
portion of the State and Local Fiscal Recovery Funds (SLFRF) to pay for employee salaries during 2022.  
Salaries reimbursed by SLFRF funds were recorded to the grant fund.     
 
The debt service fund has a total fund balance of $73, 329,071.  This represents an increase of $4.9 million or 
7.1% from the previous year’s balance.  The change in the current year can be attributed to transfers to the debt 
service fund of $10.8 million and revenues under expenditure s of $5.9 million.  The debt service fund balance is 
restricted for the payment of debt service.   
 
The capital projects fund has a deficit fund balance of  $13,016,986 at the end of 2022.  This is a decrease of 
$37.3 million from the prior year.  The change in the capital projects fund balance is due to the use of short-term 
debt to finance certain capital projects and is further de scribed in Note 8 in the notes to the basic financial 
statements.   
 
The park sales and street maintenance sales tax funds are both nonmajor funds that both saw increases in fund 
balance of $1.6 million during 2022.  These increases are due to increased sales and use tax received during 
the year.      
 
Proprietary funds 
 
The City’s proprietary funds financial statements provi de the same type of information found in the government-
wide financial statements, but in more  detail.  The City reports the water and sewer fund and the solid waste 
fund as enterprise funds.  All activiti es necessary to provide such services are accounted for in these funds, 
including administration, operations, maintenance, financing and related debt service.   
 
The internal service funds information is included with the governmental activities information on the 
government-wide statements.   
 
Fluctuations within these funds were discussed in the government-wide statement section above.   
 
General Fund Budgetary Highlights 
 
The legally adopted budget for the general fund was not amended by the governing body during 2022.  
However, departments within the City are allowed to transfer budget between line item and activities.  During the 12 
 
year, revenues were more than budgetary estimates by $21.6 million (20.9%).  Sales taxes were $18.5 million 
more than budget due to a continued increase in sales.  Total expenditures were less than budgetary estimates 
by $29.2 million (22.3%).  As part of the budgeting process the City budgets for a contingency reserve for 
unforeseen expenditures.  Any funds allocated from this  budget are transferred to the requesting department so 
there will not be any actual expenditures charged to this  category.  Of the total difference in the budgeted 
expenditures, $26,031,312 is due to the restricted reserve.   
 
Capital Asset and Debt Administration 
 
Capital assets 
 
The total amount invested in capital assets for the City as of December 31, 2022 was $1,230,280,373, net of 
accumulated depreciation.  This investment in capital as sets includes land, buildings, improvements, vehicles 
and equipment, park and pool facilities, storm sewers, br idges, streets, and water and sewer lines.  The 
following chart details the City’s capital asset balance by category.  Additional information about the City’s 
capital assets is presented in Note 5 to the basic financial statements. 
2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021
Land 123,412,610 $     128,605,774 $     4,730,825 $        4,659,930 $       128,143,435 $        133,265,704 $        
Other nondepreciable assets 35,585                 50,225                 -                          -                         35,585                   50,225                    
Land improvements 466,753               66,753                 -                          -                         466,753                 66,753                    
Buildings 137,348,628        125,701,570        33,778,295         33,778,295        171,126,923           159,479,865           
Machinery & equipment 98,371,347          87,133,295          5,955,589           5,051,065          104,326,936           92,184,360             
Swimming pools 10,351,984          10,251,984          -                          -                         10,351,984            10,251,984             
Water system -                           -                           231,965,586      225,200,847      231,965,586           225,200,847           
Sewer system -                           -                           216,525,457      216,652,112      216,525,457           216,652,112           
Infrastructure 885,261,741        867,543,251        -                          -                         885,261,741          867,543,251           
Books and materials 4,470,741            4,339,604            -                          -                         4,470,741              4,339,604               
Construction in progress 265,044,840       226,762,325        48,459,493         45,132,666        313,504,333           271,894,991           
Right of Use Asset 225,738               -                           -                          -                         225,738                 -                              
Total capital assets 1,524,989,967     1,450,454,781     541,415,245       530,474,915      2,066,405,212        1,980,929,696        
Less accumulated depreciation 684,212,915       650,133,776        151,911,924       144,725,199      836,124,839           794,858,975           
Total capital assets, net 840,777,052$     800,321,005 $     389,503,321 $    385,749,716 $   1,230,280,373 $     1,186,070,721 $     
TotalsGovernmental Activities Business-type Activities
 
Major additions to the capital assets, including construction in progress, this year include: 
 
 Downtown Library 
 I-35 and 119 th improvements 
 Cedar Creek Parkway improvements 
 Mill Creek improvements 
 Pflumm Road, 143 rd to 151st street improvements 
 Lone Elm Road, Old 56 Highway to 151 st street improvements 
 
Long-term debt 
 
As of December 31, 2022, the City had total bonded debt outstanding of $352,587,001.  Of this amount, 
$221,040,000 is comprised of debt backed by the full fa ith and credit of the City and $18,352,001 is special 
obligation tax increment financing debt and transportation development district debt payable solely from the 
specific TIF or TDD revenues.  The remainder of the Ci ty’s debt represents bonds se cured solely by specific 
revenue sources (i.e., revenue bonds).  The rating for the City’s general obligation bonds is a “AA+” rating from 
Standard & Poor’s (S&P) and from Fitch Ratings (Fitch).   The rating for the Wate r and Sewer Ut ility revenue 13 
 
bonds is a “AA” rating from S&P.  Under  current state statutes, the City’s bonded debt is suances are subject to 
a legal limitation based on a percentag e of the assessed valuation of real estate and personal property.  As of 
December 31, 2022, the total general obligation debt of  $221,040,000 was well below the City’s legal limit of 
$727,429,838.  A summary of the City’s bonded debt outstanding as of December 31st can be found in the chart 
below.  Additional information about the City’s long-ter m debt is presented in Note 7 to the basic financial 
statements. 
 
2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021
General obligation bonds 216,925,000$   221,315,000 $   4,115,000 $        5,950,000 $        221,040,000$   227,265,000 $   
Special obligation bonds 18,352,001       20,077,454        -                          -                         18,352,001       20,077,454        
Revenue bonds 5,765,000          2,860,000          107,430,000      100,910,000       113,195,000      103,770,000      
Total 241,042,001 $   244,252,454 $   111,545,000 $    106,860,000 $    352,587,001 $   351,112,454 $   
TotalsBusiness-type ActivitiesGovernmental Activities
 
Economic Factors and Next Year’s Budget 
 
Future Ready – One of the key features of Olat he’s budget and operational framework is to build a city that is 
“resilient, innovative, nimble and collaborative in how we address tomorrow’s challenges today.” Informed by the 
city’s strategic plan “Olathe 2040,” the city is making investments in Infrastructure capacity and maintenance, 
and risk management. 
 
Quality of Life – Olathe is committed to providing an excellent Qua lity of Life to its residents and visitors. This 
value encompasses health, safety, quality neighborhoods, and connections to important places and one 
another. The budget and CIP include improvements to Animal Care and Control staffing, improvements to 
parks, and a historic in vestment in the new downtown  library. The library will be both an anchor for downtown 
and provide a top-notch facility for residents of all ages to learn and grow. 
 
Infrastructure – Olathe’s infrastructure is designed be safe , reliable, efficient and sustainable. Budget 
investments hope to propel these values for future gene rations and include key staff to maintain solid waste, 
water and wastewater services; street  improvements and capacity building; and preliminary engineering on key 
arterial roads. 
 
Economy – Olathe hopes to improve its already diverse ec onomic base to be a regional leader. Budget 
investments in this area include t he downtown library, which will provi de office space for the chamber of 
commerce, and a development review coordinator to maintain timeliness in application turnaround and work 
with community development partners. The city also clos ely monitors changing economic factor that may affect 
Olathe’s tax base, employment and financial sustainability. 
 
Exceptional Services – Olathe strives to provide the highest quality services to its customers – the residents 
and taxpayers of the city. This budget invests in a com pensation specialist to ensure the city can attract and 
retain the best talent who will continue serving the community with courtesy, professionalism and efficiency.  
 
Requests for information 
 
This financial report is designed to provide a general over view of the City’s finances.  Questions concerning any 
information provided in this report or requests for ad ditional financial information should be addressed to the 
Chief Financial Officer, City of Olathe, 100 E. Santa Fe, Olathe, Kansas 66061.   
 _ OLATHE K AN SA S$
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 Basic Financial Statements
Basic Financial Statements 
Discretely
Presented
Governmental Business-type Component
Activities Activities Total Unit
Assets
Cash, cash equivalents,  and investments 255,638,528$     55,040,774 $    310,679,302 $     723,051 $       
Cash held by trustee or restricted 2,007,446            9,365,758          11,373,204          -                       
Receivables (net of allowance)
  Taxes 85,148,768          -                         85,148,768         -                       
  Special assessments 21,548,028          -                         21,548,028         -                       
  Accounts 1,037,452            7,649,750          8,687,202            60,808             
  Accrued interest 2,660,122            -                         2,660,122           -                       
  Loans 3,714,340            -                         3,714,340           -                       
  Leases -                           2,800,715         2,800,715            -                       
Internal balances (11,663,092)         11,663,092       -                           -                       
Due from other governments 6,407,594            -                         6,407,594           -                       
Inventories and other prepaid items 975,327               1,046,753          2,022,080            -                       
Capital assets:
  Land and construction in progress 388,493,035        53,190,318       441,683,353        -                       
  Other capital assets, net of
    accumulated depreciation 452,284,017        336,313,003     788,597,020        2,218,646       
Other assets 11,000                 -                         11,000                -                       
    Total assets 1,208,262,565     477,070,163     1,685,332,728     3,002,505       
Deferred Outflows of Resources
KPERS pension 32,304,477          5,472,633          37,777,110          -                       
OPEB 4,179,023            707,960             4,886,983            -                       
KPERS OPEB 355,529               60,230               415,759               -                       
Deferred amounts on refunding 55,827                 797,529             853,356               -                       
    Total deferred outflows of resources 36,894,856         7,038,352          43,933,208          -
                      
    Total assets and deferred outflows
       of resources 1,245,157,421 $  484,108,515 $  1,729,265,936 $  3,002,505 $    
Liabilities
Accounts and other current liabilities 22,798,441 $       1,424,450 $      24,222,891 $       313,975 $       
Interest payable 9,829,224            154,839             9,984,063            -                       
Unearned revenue 4,599,375            -                         4,599,375           -                       
Temporary notes 67,565,600          -                         67,565,600         -                       
Deposits 11,000                 264,325             275,325               -                       
Noncurrent liabilities:
Due within one year: bonds, notes,
 leases, compensated absences 49,310,730          10,432,717       59,743,447          -                       
Due in more than one year:
Bonds, notes, leases, OPEB,
compensated absences 254,950,330        120,937,032     375,887,362        34,171             
Net pension liability 98,241,243          15,510,533       113,751,776        -                       
    Total liabilities 507,305,943        148,723,896     656,029,839        348,146           
Deferred Inflows of Resources
Property taxes levied for a subsequent period 65,961,309         -                         65,961,309         -                       
Deferred amounts on refunding 653,986               -                         653,986              -                       
Deferred inflows related to leases -                           2,790,819         2,790,819            -                       
KPERS pension 1,654,089            281,725             1,935,814            -                       
OPEB 1,644,027            280,011             1,924,038            -                       
KPERS OPEB 851,722               145,065             996,787               -                       
    Total Deferred Inflows of Resources 70,765,133         3,497,620          74,262,753          -                       
Net Position
Net investment in capital assets 514,551,384        280,604,883     795,156,267        2,218,646       
Restricted for:
  Debt service 94,703,155          9,365,758
         104,068,913       -                       
  Capital improvements 8,367,932            -                         8,367,932           -                       
  Community services 13,751,241          -                         13,751,241         -                       
  General government 5,690,463            -                         5,690,463           -                       
Unrestricted 30,022,170          41,916,358       71,938,528          435,713           
    Total net position 667,086,345        331,886,999     998,973,344        2,654,359       
    Total liabilities, deferred inflows of
       of resources, and net position 1,245,157,421 $  484,108,515 $  1,729,265,936 $  3,002,505 $    
See accompanying notes to the basic financial statements
Primary Government
City of Olathe, Kansas
Statement of Net Position
December 31, 2022
14Operating Capital Net
Charges for Grants and Grants and (Expense)
Functions / Programs Expenses Services Contributions Contributions Revenue
Primary government
Governmental activities
  General government 29,793,717 $     8,877,299 $      6,205,871 $         - $                     (14,710,547)$   
  Public safety 60,278,175        3,282,524         -                           -                        (56,995,651)     
  Public works 83,859,369        9,932,908         79,000                 15,511,711      (58,335,750)      
  Community services 27,984,576        6,692,510         1,277,257            -                        (20,014,809)     
  Interest on long-term debt 8,980,984          -                        -                           -                        (8,980,984)       
    Total governmental activities 210,896,821      28,785,241       7,562,128            15,511,711       (159,037,741)    
Business-type activities
  Water and sewer 48,603,398        55,858,007       206,860               -                        7,461,469        
  Solid waste 15,915,887        17,944,489       -                           -                        2,028,602        
    Total business-type activities 64,519,285        73,802,496       206,860               -                        9,490,071        
Total primary government 275,416,106 $   102,587,737 $  7,768,988 $         15,511,711 $    (149,547,670) $ 
Nonmajor discretely presented component unit
  Olathe Public Housing Authorit
y 5,359,019$       633,816 $         4,128,501 $         382,263 $         (214,439) $        
See accompanying notes to the basic financial statements
City of Olathe, Kansas
Statement of Activities
For the Year Ended December 31, 2022
Program Revenues
15 
Discretely
Presented
Governmental Business-type Component
Activities Activities Total Unit
Changes in net position
Net (expense) revenue (159,037,741) $  9,490,071 $      (149,547,670)$    (214,439) $        
General revenues
  Taxes:
    Property taxes, levied for general purpose 35,661,329        -                        35,661,329         -                        
    Property taxes, levied for debt service 25,770,948        -                        25,770,948         -                        
    Sales tax 96,461,239        -                        96,461,239         -                        
    Franchise taxes 12,460,414        -                        12,460,414         -                        
    Transient guest tax 2,298,583          -                        2,298,583           -                        
  Unrestricted investment earnings 3,047,564          309,222            3,356,786            579                   
  Lease interest income -                         26,450             26,450                 -                        
  Miscellaneous 4,543,878          2,198,248         6,742,126            -                        
Transfers - internal activities (18,335)              18,335              -                           -                        
    Total general revenues and transfers 180,225,620      2,552,255         182,777,875        579                   
      Change in net position 21,187,879        12,042,326       33,230,205          (213,860)           
Net position - beginning of year 645,898,466      319,844,673     965,743,139        2,868,219         
Net position - end of yea
r 667,086,345$   331,886,999 $  998,973,344 $     2,654,359 $      
See accompanying notes to the basic financial statements
City of Olathe, Kansas
Statement of Activities
For the Year Ended December 31, 2022
Primary Government
16Other Total
 Debt Special Tax Capital Governmental Governmental
General Service Financing Projects Funds Funds
Assets
Cash, cash equivalents, and investments 50,774,278 $    71,597,975 $    6,673,718 $      55,237,236 $    39,633,941 $    223,917,148 $    
Cash held by trustee -                       -                       2,007,446        -                       -                       2,007,446          
Receivables (net of allowance)
  Taxes 37,830,777       27,289,448       4,055,196         -                       15,973,347      85,148,768         
  Accounts 270,467            -                       -                       -                       745,730           1,016,197           
  Accrued interest 2,660,122         -                       -                       -                       -                       2,660,122          
  Special assessments -                       21,548,028      -                       -                       -                       21,548,028        
  Loans -                       -                       -                       -                       3,714,340        3,714,340           
Due from other funds 601,435            -                       -                       -                       -                       601,435             
Due from other governments 594,324            -                       -                       4,432,149        1,381,121         6,407,594           
Prepaid assets 568,761            -                       -                       -                       40,500             609,261              
    Total assets and deferred
      outflows of resources 93,300,164 $    120,435,451 $  12,736,360 $    59,669,385 $    61,488,979 $    347,630,339 $    
Liabilities and Fund Balances
Liabilities
Accounts payable 11,776,956 $    - $                    - $                    3,372,427$      771,268 $         15,920,651$      
Accrued payroll 2,570,119         -                       -                       -                       -                       2,570,119          
Due to other funds -                       -                       -                       1,289,528
        599,931            1,889,459           
Unearned revenue -                       -                       -                       -                       4,599,375        4,599,375           
Temporary notes -                       -                       -                       67,565,600      -                       67,565,600        
    Total liabilities 14,347,075       -                       -                       72,227,555      5,970,574         92,545,204         
Deferred Inflows of Resources
Property taxes levied for a subsequent period 23,552,368      27,289,448       3,081,080         -                       12,038,413      65,961,309         
Unavailable revenue - intergovernmental -                       -                       -                       458,816           19,781              478,597              
Unavailable revenue - special assessments -                       19,816,932      -                       -                       -                       19,816,932        
  Total deferred inflows of resources 23,552,368       47,106,380       3,081,080         458,816            12,058,194      86,256,838         
Fund balances
  Nonspendable 568,761            -                       -                       -                       40,500             609,261              
  Restricted -                       73,329,071      9,655,280         -                       27,809,636      110,793,987       
  Committed -                       -                       -                       -                       15,610,075      15,610,075         
  Assigned 3,948,318         -                       -                       -                       -                       3,948,318          
  Unassigned 50,883,642       -                       -                       (13,016,986)     -                       37,866,656        
    Total fund balances 55,400,721       73,329,071       9,655,280         (13,016,986)      43,460,211       168,828,297       
Total liabilities, deferred inflows of 
  resources, and fund balances 93,300,164 $    120,435,451 $  12,736,360 $    59,669,385 $    61,488,979 $    347,630,339 $    
See accompanying notes to the basic financial statements
Debt Service
City of Olathe, Kansas
Balance Sheet
December 31, 2022
Governmental Funds
17Total fund balance - all governmental funds 168,828,297$    
Amounts reported for governmental activities in the statement of net position are different because
  Capital assets used in governmental activities are not financial resources and, therefore, are
    not reported in the funds. 840,777,052      
          Land and construction in progress 388,493,035$      
          Capital assets being depreciated 1,136,496,932     
          Accumulated depreciation (684,212,915)       
  Some liabilities, including bonds payable, leases payable and compensated absences, are not 
    due and payable in the current period and, therefore, are not reported in the funds. (412,331,527)     
          Interest payable (9,829,224)           
          Noncurrent liabilities:
            Due within one year
General obligation bonds
(26,480,000)         
Special obligation bonds
(14,612,001)         
Revenue bonds
(220,000)  
Compensated absences
(4,679,937)           
Bond issuance premium
(3,263,022)           
Bond issuance discount
126  
Leases
(55,896)  
            Due in more than one year
General obligation bonds
(190,445,000)       
Special obligation bonds
(3,740,000)           
Revenue bonds
(5,545,000)           
Compensated absences
(858,840)  
Total OPEB liabilities
(29,483,818)         
Bond issuance premium
(24,764,046)         
Bond issuance discount
1,327  
Leases
(114,953)  
Pension liability
(98,241,243)         
  Long-term assets or deferred outflows of resources are not available to pay current period 52,386,561        
    expenditures and are therefore deferred in the fund statements.
          Special assessments 19,816,932          
          Deferred refunding (net) (598,159)  
          Deferred outflows - pension 32,304,477          
          Deferred outflows - KPERS OPEB 355,529  
          Deferred outflows - OPEB 4,179,023            
          Deferred inflows - KPERS pension (1,654,089)           
          Deferred inflow - OPEB (1,644,027)           
          Deferred inflows - KPERS OPEB (851,722)  
          Due from other governments 478,597  
  Internal service funds are used by management to charge costs of certain activities, such as 
    insurance, purchasing, and fleet maintenance to certain funds.  The assets and liabilities of
    certain internal service funds are included in governmental activities in the statement of net 17,425,962        
    position.
          Internal service fund capital assets, net (30,623,987)         
          Internal service fund compensated absences 154,540  
          Internal service fund net position 59,558,501          
          Internal service fund due to business-type (11,663,092)         
Net position of governmental activities 667,086,345$    
See accompanying notes to the basic financial statements
City of Olathe, Kansas
Reconciliation of the Balance Sheet of Governmental Funds
To the Statement of Net Position
December 31, 2022
18Other Total
D
ebt Special Tax Capital Governmental Governmental
General Service Financing Projects Funds Funds
Revenues
Taxes:
  Property 24,058,868$    23,527,221$    2,243,727$      -
$
11,974,700$    61,804,516$           
  Sales 70,542,273      - 4,899,393 - 21,019,573 96,461,239             
  Franchise 12,460,414      - - - - 12,460,414             
  Transient guest - - 726,811           - 1,571,772 2,298,583 
S
pecial assessments - 3,166,971 - - - 3,166,971 
I
ntergovernmental 1,556,613        - - 11,825,015      9,529,529 22,911,157             
Licenses and permits 3,576,880        - - - - 3,576,880 
Fi
nes, forfeitures, and penalties 2,146,556        - - - 110,421           2,256,977 
C
harges for services 9,242,268        - - - 13,709,116      22,951,384             
Use of money and property 1,207,056        737,275           112,846           117,653           530,850           2,705,680 
M
iscellaneous 614,274           - 55,727 2,417,504        742,608           3,830,113 
    T
otal revenues 125,405,202    27,431,467      8,038,504        14,360,172      59,188,569      234,423,914           
Expenditures
Current:
  General government 18,383,446      31,450             18,400             - 8,198,078 26,631,374             
  Public safety 57,718,671      - - - 1,212,340        58,931,011             
  P
ublic works 12,446,435      - - - 6,356,483        18,802,918             
  Community services 9,672,964        - - - 15,909,742      25,582,706             
Capital improvements - - 5,195,216        95,427,705      - 100,622,921 
D
ebt service:
  Principal retirements 54,889             24,745,000      1,725,453        - 120,000 26,645,342 
  I
nterest and fiscal charges 1,007 8,606,815        611,206           1,988,413        156,695 11,364,136 
    T
otal expenditures 98,277,412      33,383,265      7,550,275        97,416,118      31,953,338      268,580,408           
      Excess of revenues over
        (under) expenditures 27,127,790      (5,951,798)       488,229           (83,055,946)     27,235,231      (34,156,494)           
Other financing sources (uses)
Bond issuance proceeds - - - 22,825,000      - 22,825,000
 
Lease i
ssuance proceeds 116,979           - - - - 116,979 
B
ond premium - - - 1,702,257        - 1,702,257 
T
ransfers in 9,296,188        10,827,227      - 33,532,295 8,725,270        62,380,980             
Transfers out (17,273,123)     (326) (765,384) (12,312,714) (31,199,980)     (61,551,527)           
    Total other financing 
      sources (uses) (7,859,956)       10,826,901      (765,384)          45,746,838      (22,474,710)     25,473,689             
      Net changes in fund balances 19,267,834      4,875,103        (277,155)          (37,309,108)     4,760,521        (8,682,805)             
Fund balances - beginning of year 36,132,887      68,453,968      
 9,932,435        24,292,122      38,699,690      177,511,102           
Fund balances - end of year 55,400,721$    73,329,071$    9,655,280$      (13,016,986)$   43,460,211$    168,828,297$         
See accompanying notes to the basic financial statements
De
bt Service
City of Olathe, Kansas
Statement of Revenues, Expenditures, and Changes in Fund Balances
Governmental Funds
For the Year Ended December 31, 2022
19Net change in fund balances - all governmental funds (8,682,805)$       
Amounts reported for governmental activities in the statement of activities are different because
  Governmental funds report capital outlay as expenditures.  However, in the statement of 
    activities the cost of those assets is allocated over their estimated useful lives and reported
    as depreciation expense.  This is the amount by which capital outlay exceeded depreciation
    in the current period. 34,320,985        
          Capital outlay 65,447,193$  
          Net book value on diposals of capital assets (9,738)            
          Depreciation (31,116,470)   
  The issuance of long-term debt provides current financial resources to governmental funds, but 
    issuing debt increase long-term liabilities in the statement of net assets.  Repayment of debt
    principal is an expenditure in the governmental funds, but the repayment reduces long-term 
    liabilities in the statement of net assets.  This is the amount by which proceeds exceeded 3,750,715          
    repayments.
          Principal payments 26,645,342    
          Proceeds of bonds (22,825,000)   
          Premium/discount 1,518,083      
          Transfer of debt (861,733)        
          Lease proceeds (116,979)        
          OPEB (653,598)        
          KPERS OPEB 44,600           
  Some expenses in the statement of activities do not require the use of current financial
    resources and, therefore, are not reported as expenditures in governmental funds. (7,173,468)         
          Compensated absences (390,779)        
          Pension (5,894,049)     
          Interest expense (888,640)        
  Revenues in the statement of activities that do not provide current financing resources are not
    reported as revenues in the funds. (3,325,076)         
          Special assessments (3,539,210)     
          Deferred refunding 51,452           
          Capital grant 162,682         
  Internal service funds are used by management to charge costs of certain activities, such as 
    insurance, purchasing, and fleet maintenance to certain funds.  The net revenue (expense) of
    certain internal service funds is reported with governmental activities. 2,297,528          
Change in net position of governmental activitie
s 21,187,879$      
See accompanying notes to the basic financial statements
For the Year Ended December 31, 2022
City of Olathe, Kansas
Reconciliation of the Statement of Revenues, 
Expenditures, and Changes in Fund Balances of Governmental Funds 
To the Statement of Activities
20_ OLATHE K AN SA S$
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 Original and  Variance
Final Amended  Positive
Budget Actual (Negative)
Revenues
Taxes:
  Property 24,405,962 $      24,058,868 $    (347,094) $        
  Sales 52,058,886         70,542,273       18,483,387       
  Franchise 11,282,418         12,460,414       1,177,996          
Intergovernmental 1,411,908           1,556,613          144,705             
Licenses and permits 3,742,071           3,576,880          (165,191)           
Fines, forfeitures, and penalties 3,154,619           2,146,556          (1,008,063)        
Charges for services 6,354,980           9,242,268          2,887,288          
Use of money and property 293,699              1,207,056          913,357             
Miscellaneous 1,058,370           614,274             (444,096)           
    Total revenues 103,762,913       125,405,202     21,642,289       
Expenditures
  General government 20,632,111         20,984,636       (352,525)           
  Public safety 56,092,419         58,012,039       (1,919,620)        
  Public works 14,901,573         12,891,239       2,010,334          
  Community services 13,306,653         9,887,899          3,418,754          
  Contingency 26,031,312         -                         26,031,312      
    Total expenditures 130,964,068       101,775,813     29,188,255       
      Excess of revenues over 
        expenditures (27,201,155)       23,629,389       50,830,544       
Other financing sources (uses)
Transfers in 8,397,705           9,296,188          898,483             
Transfers out (14,161,421)       (17,273,123)      (3,111,702)        
    Total other financing
      sources (uses) (5,763,716)          (7,976,935)        (2,213,219)        
      Net change in fund balance (32,964,871) $    15,652,454       48,617,325 $    
Fund balance - beginning of year - budget basis 35,799,949       
Fund balance - end of year - budget basis 51,452,403       
Encumbrances incurred and outstanding 3,948,318          
Fund balance - end of year - GAAP basis 55,400,721 $    
City of Olathe, Kansas
Statement of Revenues, Expenditures, and Changes in Fund Balance
General Fund
Budget and Actual - Budgetary Basis
For the Year Ended December 31, 2022
21Governmental
Activities -
Solid  
Water and Waste Internal
Sewer Fund Fund Total Service Funds
Assets
Current assets:
  Cash and cash equivalents 52,193,081 $    2,847,693 $      55,040,774 $    31,721,380 $      
  Accounts receivable (net of 
    allowance) 5,740,250         1,909,500         7,649,750         21,255                
  Lease receivable 148,101            -                       148,101           -                         
  Inventories and other prepaid items 1,046,753        -                       1,046,753        366,066              
    Total current assets 59,128,185       4,757,193         63,885,378       32,108,701         
Noncurrent assets:   
  Restricted assets:
    Cash and cash equivalents 9,365,758         -                       9,365,758        -                         
    Due from other funds -                       -                       -                       1,289,528          
    Other -                       -                       -                       11,000               
          Total restricted assets 9,365,758         -                       9,365,758        1,300,528           
  Capital assets:
    Capital assets not being depreciated
      Land 3,475,820         1,255,005         4,730,825         -                         
      Construction in progress  48,459,493       -                       48,459,493      -                         
        Total capital assets not 
          being depreciated 51,935,313       1,255,005         53,190,318       -                         
    Capital assets being depreciated
      Buildings 33,778,295       -                       33,778,295      -                         
      Machinery and equipment 4,401,511         1,554,078         5,955,589         78,299,767         
      Water system 231,965,586     -                       231,965,586    -                         
      Sewer system 216,525,457     -                       216,525,457    -                         
        Total capital assets being 
          depreciated 486,670,849     1,554,078         488,224,927     78,299,767         
      Less accumulated depreciation (150,541,336)   (1,370,588)        (151,911,924)    (47,675,780)        
      Total capital assets (net of 
        accumulated depreciation) 388,064,826     1,438,495         389,503,321     30,623,987         
  Lease receivable 2,652,614         -                       2,652,614        -                         
    Total noncurrent assets 400,083,198     1,438,495         401,521,693     31,924,515         
        Total assets 459,211,383     6,195,688         465,407,071     64,033,216         
Deferred Outflows of Resources
  Deferred pension 3,790,885         1,681,748         5,472,633         -                         
  Deferred OPEB 490,403            217,557            707,960            -                         
  Deferred KPERS OPEB 41,721              18,509              60,230              -                         
  Deferred amounts on refunding 797,529            -                       797,529           -                         
        Total deferred outflows of resources 5,120,538        1,917,814         7,038,352         -                         
        Total assets and deferred 
          outflows of resources 464,331,921 $  8,113,502 $      472,445,423 $  64,033,216 $      
See accompanying notes to the basic financial statements
Major
Business-type Activities - Enterprise Funds
City of Olathe, Kansas
Statement of Net Position
December 31, 2022
Proprietary Funds
22Governmental
Activities -
Solid  
Water and Waste Internal
Sewer Fund Fund Total Service Funds
Major
Business-type Activities - Enterprise Funds
City of Olathe, Kansas
Statement of Net Position
December 31, 2022
Proprietary Funds
Liabilities
Current liabilities:
  Accounts and claims payable 1,424,450 $      - $                    1,424,450$      4,307,671 $        
  Interest payable 154,839            -                       154,839           -                         
  Due to other funds -                       -                       -                       1,504                 
  Compensated absences 734,261            246,162            980,423            130,166              
  Current portion of general obligation bonds 1,330,000        -                       1,330,000        -                         
  Current portion of revolving loan 1,509,703         -                       1,509,703        -                         
  Current portion of revenue bonds 6,612,591         -                       6,612,591        -                         
    Total current liabilities 11,765,844       246,162            12,012,006       4,439,341           
Noncurrent liabilities:
  Compensated absences 114,972            51,916              166,888            24,374                
  General obligation bonds 2,785,000         -                       2,785,000        -                         
  Revolving loan, net 7,918,611         -                       7,918,611        -                         
  Revenue bonds, net 106,494,856     -                       106,494,856    -                         
  Total KPERS OPEB liability 131,654            57,928              189,582            -                         
  Total OPEB liability 2,278,072         1,104,023         3,382,095         -                         
  Net pension liability 10,771,204       4,739,329         15,510,533       -                         
  Deposit 264,325            -                       264,325           11,000                
    Total noncurrent liabilities 130,758,694     5,953,196         136,711,890     35,374                
      Total liabilities  142,524,538     6,199,358         148,723,896     4,474,715           
Deferred Inflows of Resources
  Deferred inflows related to leases 2,790,819         -                       2,790,819        -                         
  KPERS pension 193,932            87,793              281,725
           -                         
  KPERS OPEB 99,859              45,206              145,065            -                         
  OPEB 192,752            87,259              280,011            -                         
      Total deferred inflows of resources 3,277,362        220,258            3,497,620         -                         
Net position
  Net investment in capital assets 279,166,388    1,438,495         280,604,883     30,597,829         
  Restricted for bond requirements 9,365,758         -                       9,365,758        -                         
  Unrestricted 29,997,875       255,391            30,253,266       28,960,672         
      Total net position 318,530,021     1,693,886         320,223,907     59,558,501         
          Total liabilities and net position 464,331,921$  8,113,502 $      64,033,216 $      
Reconciliation to government-wide statement of net position:
     Adjustments to reflect the consolidation of internal service fund activities related  
       to enterprise funds 11,663,092       
     Net position of business-type activities 331,886,999 $  
See accompanying notes to the basic financial statements
23Governmental
Activities -
Solid  
Water and Waste  Internal
Sewer Fund Fund Total Service Funds
Operating revenues
  Charges for services 55,858,007 $    17,944,489 $    73,802,496 $    44,379,876 $    
  Intergovernmental 206,860            -                        206,860           -                        
  Miscellaneous 2,198,248         -                        2,198,248        -                        
    Total operating revenues 58,263,115       17,944,489       76,207,604       44,379,876       
Operating expenses
  Water production 6,520,306         -                        6,520,306        -                        
  Wastewater treatment 2,539,967         -                        2,539,967        -                        
  Water and sewer maintenance 4,660,688         -                        4,660,688        -                        
  Administration and general 22,737,670       4,944,473         27,682,143       26,730,645       
  Equipment maintenance -                        -                        -                        9,803,708        
  Sanitation expense -                        6,582,153        6,582,153         -                        
  Transfer station expense -                        4,600,259        4,600,259         -                        
  Depreciation 7,340,271         71,520              7,411,791         6,027,286         
    Total operating expenses 43,798,902       16,198,405       59,997,307       42,561,639       
      Operating income 14,464,213       1,746,084         16,210,297       1,818,237         
 
Nonoperating revenues (expenses)
  Interest income 254,831            54,391              309,222            341,884            
  Lease interest income 26,450              -                        26,450             -                        
  Interest expense (3,946,853)        -                        (3,946,853)       -                        
  Gain/(Loss) from sale of equipment (230,139)           -                        (230,139)          640,209            
    Total nonoperating revenues 
      (expenses) (3,895,711)        54,391              (3,841,320)       982,093            
      Net income (loss) before transfers
        and capital contributions 10,568,502       1,800,475         12,368,977       2,800,330         
Transfers in 719,687            4,438                724,125            49,476              
Transfers out (215,932)           (1,351,591)        (1,567,523)        (35,531)             
  Change in net position 11,072,257       453,322            11,525,579       2,814,275         
Net position - beginning of year 307,457,764     1,240,564         56,744,226       
Net position - end of year 318,530,021 $  1,693,886 $      59,558,501 $    
Reconciliation to government-wide statement of activities:
     Adjustment to reflect the cons olidation of internal service funds activities 
     related to enterprise funds. 516,747            
    Change in net position of business-type activities 12,042,326 $    
See accompanying notes to the basic financial statements   
Business-type Activities - Enterprise Funds
City of Olathe, Kansas
Statement of Revenues, Expenses, and Changes in Fund Net Position
Proprietary Funds
For the Year Ended December 31, 2022
Major
24Governmental
Activities -
Solid  
Water and Waste Internal
Sewer Fund Fund Total Service Funds
Cash Flows from Operating
  Activities
  Receipts from customers and users 55,584,049 $    17,970,782 $    73,554,831 $     44,376,614 $    
  Payments to suppliers (24,571,730)      (11,693,373)      (36,265,103)      (31,693,613)      
  Payments to employees (8,652,628)        (4,100,450)        (12,753,078)      (3,159,178)        
    Net cash provided by operating 
      activities 22,359,691       2,176,959         24,536,650        9,523,823         
 
Cash Flows from Noncapital 
  Financing Activities
  Transfers from other funds 719,687            4,438                724,125             49,476              
  Transfers to other funds (215,932)           (1,351,591)        (1,567,523)        (35,531)             
    Net cash provided by (used in) noncapital
      financing activities 503,755            (1,347,153)       (843,398)           13,945              
Cash Flows from Capital and 
  Related Financing Activities  
  Acquisitions and construction of
    capital assets (11,395,535)      -                        (11,395,535)     (12,245,642)      
  Proceeds from sale of capital assets -                        -                        -                        723,503           
  Proceeds from revenue bonds 12,401,213       -                        12,401,213       -                        
  Principal paid on revenue bonds (6,313,390)        -                        (6,313,390)       -                        
  Principal paid on general obligation bonds (1,835,000)       -                        (1,835,000)       -                        
  Principal paid on revolving loans (1,461,503)        -                        (1,461,503)       -                        
  Interest paid (4,034,416)        -                        (4,034,416)       -                        
    Net cash (used in) capital and
      related financing activities (12,638,631)      -                        (12,638,631)     (11,522,139)      
 
Cash Flows from Investing
  Activities
  Interest received 281,281            54,391              335,672             341,884            
    Net cash provided by investing
      activities 281,281            54,391              335,672             341,884            
Net increase (decrease) in cash and 
  cash equivalents 10,506,096       884,197            11,390,293        (1,642,487)        
Cash and cash equivalents -
  beginning of year 51,052,743       1,963,496         53,016,239        33,363,867       
Cash and cash equivalents -
  end of year 61,558,839 $    2,847,693 $      64,406,532 $     31,721,380 $    
See accompanying notes to the basic financial statements
Business-type Activities - Enterprise Funds
Major
City of Olathe, Kansas
Statement of Cash Flows
Proprietary Funds
For the Year Ended December 31, 2022
25Governmental
Activities -
Solid  
Water and Waste Internal
Sewer Fund Fund Total Service Funds
Business-type Activities - Enterprise Funds
Major
City of Olathe, Kansas
Statement of Cash Flows
Proprietary Funds
For the Year Ended December 31, 2022
Reconciliation of operating income to net  
  cash provided by operating 
  activities
  Operating income 14,464,213 $    1,746,084 $      16,210,297 $     1,818,237 $      
  Adjustments to reconcile operating
    income to cash provided by 
    operating activities
    Depreciation 7,340,271         71,520              7,411,791          6,027,286         
    Changes in assets and liabilities
      (Increase) Decrease in receivables 121,649            26,293              147,942             (3,262)               
      (Increase) in lease receivables (2,800,715)        -                        (2,800,715)       -                        
      (increase) in deferred outflows (1,602,340)        (746,646)           (2,348,986)        -                        
      (Increase) Decrease in inventories (297,494)           -                        (297,494)          11,192              
      Increase in accounts and claims payable 115,268           -                        115,268            1,642,879         
      Increase in net pension liability 4,293,505         1,889,141         6,182,646          -                        
      Increase (Decrease) in deferred inflows 749,910           (891,577)           (141,667)           -                        
      (Decrease) in total KPERS OPEB liability (66,585)            (29,297)             (95,882)             -                        
      Increase (Decrease) in total OPEB liability (856)                  106,201           105,345             -                        
      Increase in deposits 28,725              -                        28,725              -                        
      Increase in due to other funds -                        -                        -                        1,504               
      Increase in compensated absences 14,140              5,240                19,380               25,987              
          Total adjustments 7,895,478         430,875            8,326,353          7,705,586         
Net cash provided by operating
  activities 22,359,691 $    2,176,959 $      24,536,650 $     9,523,823 $      
See accompanying notes to the basic financial statements
26_ OLATHE K AN SA S$
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 Notes to the Basic 
Financial Statements
Notes to the Basic
Financial StatementsCity of Olathe, Kansas 
Notes to the Basic Financial Statements 
December 31, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
27 
 
1.  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 
The City of Olathe, Kansas (City) was incorporated February 20, 1857 under the provisions of K.S.A. 12-
101, et seq.  The City operates under a Council- Manager form of government and provides the following 
services as authorized by its charter: public safety  (police and fire), highwa ys and streets, sanitation, 
health and social services, culture/recreation, education, public improvements, water and sewer, planning 
and zoning, and general administrative services. 
 
This summary of significant accounting policies of t he City is presented to assist in understanding the 
City’s basic financial statements.  The basic financi al statements and notes ar e representations of the 
City’s management, which is responsible for their in tegrity and objectivity.  These accounting policies 
conform to accounting principles  generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP) as 
applicable to local governments and have been consist ently applied in the preparation of the basic 
financial statements.  The following is a summary of the more significant policies: 
 
 a. Reporting Entity 
 
An elected seven-member council (including th e Mayor) governs the City.  As required by 
GAAP, the financial statements present data for all departments and funds of the City, 
including all boards and commissions (the primar y government, herein referred to as the City) 
and a component unit, an entity for which the City is considered to be financially accountable. 
 
The determination of financial accountability incl udes consideration of a number of criteria 
including: (1) the appointment of a voting majo rity of an entity’s governing authority and the 
ability of the primary gove rnment to impose its will on the entit y, (2) the potential for the entity 
to provide specific financial benefits to, or im pose specific financial burdens on, the primary 
government, and (3) the entity’s fiscal dependency on the primary government. 
 
 b. Individual Component Unit Disclosures 
 
Discretely Presented Component Unit – The discretely presented component unit is presented 
in a separate column in the government-wide fi nancial statements to emphasize it is legally 
separate from the primary government. 
 
The Olathe Public Housing Authority (Authority) is a separate legal entity governed by a five-
member board, which is appointed by the City Council.  Although City employees perform 
administration of various programs, management of the Authority has responsibility for its own 
operations.  The City provides a significant po rtion of the Authority’s support and property.  
The Authority does not issue separate financial statements.   
 
c. Basis of Presentation – Fund Accounting 
 
The accounting system is organized and operat ed on a fund basis.  A fund is defined as a 
fiscal and accounting entity with a self-balancing set of accounts, which are segregated for the 
purpose of carrying on specific activities or attaining certain objectives in accordance with 
special regulations, restrictions, or limitations. 
 
The City’s funds are grouped into two broad fund categories for basic financial statement 
presentation purposes.  Governmental funds include the general, special revenue, debt 
service, and the capital projects funds.  Proprietary funds include enterprise and internal 
service funds. 
 
 City of Olathe, Kansas 
Notes to the Basic Financial Statements 
December 31, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
28 
 
 d. Basis of Accounting 
 
      Government-wide Financial Statements 
 
The statement of net position and the statement of activities display information about the City 
(the primary government) as a whole.  Internal service funds and other interfund activities are 
eliminated to avoid “doubling up” revenues and expenses.  Governmental activities, which 
normally are supported by taxes and intergovernmental revenues, are reported separately 
from business-type activities, which rely to a significant extent on fees and charges for 
support.  Likewise, the primary government is r eported separately from the legally separate 
component unit for which the primary government is financially accountable. 
 
The government-wide financial statements ar e prepared using the economic resources 
measurement focus and the accrual basis of acco unting.  This is the same approach used in 
the preparation of the proprietary fund financial statements, but differs from the manner in 
which governmental fund financial statement s are prepared.  Therefore, each of the 
governmental fund financial statements includes a reconciliation with brief explanations to 
better identify the relationship between the governmental fund’s statements and the 
government-wide statements. 
 
The government-wide statement of activities presents a comparison between expenses and 
program revenues for each program of the governme ntal activities.  Expenses are specifically 
associated with a service, program, or departm ent and are therefore clearly identifiable to a 
particular function.  Program revenues include charges paid by the recipients of the goods or 
services offered by the programs and grants and contributions that are restricted to meeting 
the operational or capital requirements of a par ticular program.  Revenues that are not 
classified as program revenues are presented  as general revenues.  The comparison of 
program revenues and expenses identifies the exte nt to which each program is self-financing 
or draws from the general revenues of the City.  
        
Fund Financial Statements 
 
Fund financial statements report detailed information about the City.  The focus of 
governmental fund financial statements is on major funds rather than reporting funds by type.  
Each major fund is presented in a separate column.  The major individual enterprise funds are 
reported as separate columns in the proprietar y fund financial statements.  Nonmajor funds 
are aggregated and presented in a single colu mn on the governmental and proprietary fund 
financial statements. 
 
The City reports the following major governmental funds: 
 
 General 
 
The General Fund is the main operating fund of the City.  It accounts for all financial 
resources of the general government, except those accounted for and reported in another 
fund. 
 
Debt Service  
 
The Debt Service Fund accounts for the accumu lation of resources for, and the payment 
of, long-term general obligation debt principal, interest, and related costs. 
 
 City of Olathe, Kansas 
Notes to the Basic Financial Statements 
December 31, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
29 
 
Special Tax Financing 
 
The Special Tax Financing Fund accounts for ad valorem and sales tax monies received 
from the increased assessed values of the ta x increment financing (TIF) districts and its 
sales activities, the transportation developm ent district (TDD) sales activities, and the 
Community Improvement District (CID) sales activities.  This fund is considered a debt 
service fund. 
 
Capital Projects 
 
The Capital Projects Fund accounts for the financing and construction of street 
improvement projects, water and sewer improvement projects, and various other citywide 
improvement projects. 
       
      The City reports the following major proprietary funds: 
 
  Water and Sewer 
 
The Water and Sewer Fund accounts for the activities of the sewage treatment plant, 
sewage pumping stations, collection systems, and the water distribution system. 
 
Solid Waste 
 
The Solid Waste Fund accounts for the provision of solid waste collection and disposal 
services to the residents and businesses of the City. 
            
      Proprietary Funds 
 
Proprietary funds use the flow of economic  resources measurement focus and the accrual 
basis of accounting.  Under this method, re venues are recorded when earned and expenses 
are recorded at the time liabilitie s are incurred.  All assets and liabilities (whether current or 
noncurrent) associated with a proprietary fund’s ac tivities are included on its statement of net 
assets.   
 
Proprietary funds include the following fund types: 
 
Enterprise Funds account for operations that are financed and operated in a manner 
similar to private business enterprises, as t he intent of the governing body is that the 
costs (expenses, including  depreciation) of providing goods or services to the general 
public on a continuing basis be financed or recovered primarily through user charges. 
 
Internal Service Funds  account for the financing of goods and services, such as 
insurance and fleet management, provided to other departments or agencies of the City 
on a cost reimbursement basis.  
 
Proprietary funds distinguish operating re venues and expenses from nonoperating items. 
Operating revenues and expenses generally result  from providing services and producing and 
delivering goods in connection with a proprietary fund’s principal ongoing operations.  The 
principal operating revenues of the City’s enterpr ise funds and of the City’s internal service 
funds are charges for services.  Operating expe nses for enterprise funds and internal service 
funds include the cost of sales and services, administrative expenses, and depreciation on 
capital assets.  All revenues and expenses not  meeting this definition are reported as 
nonoperating revenues and expenses.       City of Olathe, Kansas 
Notes to the Basic Financial Statements 
December 31, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
30 
 
Governmental Funds 
 
Governmental fund financial statements are reported usin g the current financial resources          
measurement focus and the modified accrual basis of  accounting.  Under the modified accrual    
basis of accounting, revenues are recognized as  they are both measurable and available to   
finance the City’s current operations. 
 
“Measurable” means the amount of the transac tion can be determined and “available” means 
collectible within the current period or soon enough thereafter to be used to pay liabilities of the 
current period.  For this purpose, the City co nsiders revenues to be available if they are 
collected within 60 days of the end of the current fiscal year.  Significant revenues, which are 
considered susceptible to accrual, include property taxes, sales taxes, franchise taxes, interest, 
and certain state and federal grants and entitlem ents.  Expenditures, including capital outlays, 
are recorded in all no nproprietary fund types when the related liab ility is both measurable and 
incurred except for general obligation debt pr incipal and interest which are reported as 
expenditures in the year due. 
 
In applying the susceptible-to-ac crual concept to intergovernmental revenues, the legal and 
contractual requirements of the numerous individual programs are used as guidance.  There 
are, however, essentially two types of these revenues.  In one, monies must be expended on 
the specific purposes or project before any amounts will be paid to the City; therefore, revenues 
are recognized based on the expenditures reco rded.  In the other, monies are virtually 
unrestricted as to purpose of expenditure and near ly irrevocable, i.e., revocable only for failure 
to comply with prescribed compliance requirements.  These resources are reflected as 
revenues at the time of receipt or earlier if they meet the measurable and available criteria. 
 
Licenses and permits, fines and forfeitures, charges for services and miscellaneous revenues 
are recorded when received in cash because they are generally not measurable until actually 
received. 
 
In accordance with state statutes, projects  financed in part by special assessments are 
financed through issuance of general obligation bonds of the City and are re tired from the Debt 
Service Fund.  Special assessments are recor ded as unearned revenues in the year the 
assessments are levied.  Special assessments pai d in full prior to the issuance of bonds are 
recorded as revenue in the capital project f und.  Special assessments received after the 
issuance of bonds are recorded as revenue in the Debt Service Fund. 
 
e. Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 
In the statement of cash flows for the proprietary funds, cash  and cash equivalents include 
cash held in financial institutions and investments with original maturities less than three 
months.   
 
             f. Accounts Receivable 
 
Accounts receivable result primarily from wate r, sewer, and sanitation services accounted for 
in the Water and Sewer Fund and the Solid Waste Fund (Enterprise Funds). 
 
g. Inventories and Other Prepaid Items 
 
Inventories are stated at cost using the first- in/first out (FIFO) method.  Inventories of 
governmental funds are recorded as expendi tures when consumed rather than when 
purchased.  City of Olathe, Kansas 
Notes to the Basic Financial Statements 
December 31, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
31 
 
Certain payments represent costs applicable to future accounting periods and are recorded as 
prepaid items in both government-wide and fund financial statements.  The cost of prepaid 
items is recorded as expenditures/expenses when consumed rather than when purchased. 
 
h. Capital Assets 
 
Capital assets, which include property, plant, equipment, and infrastructure assets (e.g. 
streets, traffic signals, sewers, and similar items), are reported in the applicable governmental 
or business-type activities columns in the government-wide financial statements.  Capital 
assets are defined by the government as assets wi th an initial, individual cost at or above the 
capitalization threshold listed below and an estima ted useful life in excess of one year.  Such 
assets are recorded at historical cost or estimat ed historical cost if purchased or constructed.  
Donated capital assets are recorded at estimated acquisition value at the date of donation.   
 
The costs of normal maintenance and repairs t hat do not add to the value of the asset or 
materially extend assets lives are not capitalized. 
 
Major outlays for capital assets and improvements are capitalized as projects are constructed. 
 
Capital assets of the primary government, as  well as the component units, are depreciated 
using the straight-line method over the following estimated useful lives: 
 
  
Capitalization
Threshold
Buildings and improvements 40 years 100,000 $       
Vehicles and equipment 4 - 20 years 5,000              
Water system 75 years 50,000            
Sewage system 75 years 50,000            
Streets 20 years 100,000          
Storm sewer 40 years 25,000            
Traffic signals 30 years 25,000            
Land Not Depreciated 25,000             
 
i.   Deferred Outflows/Inflows of Resources 
 
In addition to assets, the statement of financia l position includes a separate section for 
deferred outflows of resources.  This separate financial stat ement element, deferred outflows 
of resources, represent a consumption of net asse ts that applies to a future period(s) and will 
not be recognized as an outflow of resources (expense/expenditure) until then.   The City has 
three items that qualify for reporting in this ca tegory.  One is the deferred charge on refunding 
reported in the government-wide statement of net position.  A deferred charge on refunding 
results from the difference in the carrying val ue of refunded debt and its reacquisition price.  
This amount is deferred and amortized over the shorter of the life of the refunded or refunding 
debt.  In addition, for Pension and OPEB there is the differences between expected and actual 
experience, the net difference between projected and actual earnings on pension investments, 
changes of assumptions, deferred change in proportion and contributions made after the 
measurement date.  These represent a consumpt ion of net assets that applies to future 
periods and is not recognized as an outflow of resources until then. 
 City of Olathe, Kansas 
Notes to the Basic Financial Statements 
December 31, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
32 
 
In addition to liabilities, the statement of financial position will sometimes report a separate 
section for deferred inflows of resources.  Th is separate financial statement element, deferred 
inflows of resources, represents an acquisition of net assets that applies to a future period(s) 
and will not be recognized as an inflow of resource s (revenue) until that time.  The City has 
nonexchange revenue transactions where a receivable has been recorded because property 
taxes were levied, but the resources cannot be us ed until a future period.  This item has been 
reported as deferred inflow on t he government-wide statement of net position.  The City also 
reports a deferred charge on refunding which is the result from the difference in carrying value 
of refunded debt and its reacquisition price.   In addition, nonexchange revenue transactions 
for intergovernmental, special assessments, and loan related transactions have receivables 
recorded, but resources are not available on the modified accrual basis and therefore are 
recorded as deferred inflows in the governmental funds.  Also, a deferred inflow of resources 
dealing with OPEB and pension is reported for t he differences between expected and actual 
experience, change in proportion, and changes of assumptions. 
 
j. Budgets and Budgetary Accounting 
 
Applicable Kansas statutes require budgets be legally adopted for all funds unless exempt by 
a specific statute.  Specific  funds exempt from legally adopted budgets are all federal and 
state assistance funds and capital projects funds.  Specific special revenue funds exempt from 
legally adopted budgetary requirements inclu de the Reimbursable Programs, Grants, and 
Cemetery Funds.  Controls over spending in funds which are not subject to legal budgets are 
maintained by the use of the internal spending limits established by management. 
 
Funds requiring legally adopted budgets are the General, Fire Levy, Motor Fuel Tax, Library 
Operating, Economic Development and Tour ism, Special Park and Recreation, Special 
Alcohol, Storm Water, Park Sales Tax, Street  Maintenance Sales Tax, Recreation, Special 
Tax Financing, and Debt Service. 
 
The annual operating budgets are prepared using the modified accrual basis of accounting, 
modified further by the encumbrance method of accounting.  Revenues are recognized on the 
modified accrual basis. Expenditures includ e disbursements, accounts payable, and 
encumbrances.   
 
Encumbrances are commitments of funds for unperformed contracts for goods and services.  
Encumbrance accounting is used, to the ext ent necessary, to ensure effective budgetary 
control and accountability and to facilitate effe ctive cash planning and control in governmental 
funds.  Encumbered appropriations which will be honored at year-end are included with the 
fund balance classifications to which resources had already been classified.  If the balance 
had not been previously classified (general fund  only), it is included within assigned.  
Subsequent year’s appr opriations will provide the authorit y to complete these transactions; 
they do not constitute either expenditures or liabilities of the fund. 
 
All unencumbered appropriations lapse at year-end.  Accordingly, the actual data presented in 
the budgetary comparison statements include encu mbrances and, consequently, differ from 
the expenditure data presented in the basic fi nancial statements prepared in accordance with 
GAAP. 
 
The Debt Service Fund budget is prepared to provide a basis for a level ad valorem tax levy 
through the tax year life of the outstanding deb t.  Therefore, the timing of the amounts levied 
for the principal reduction does not necessarily  correspond to the timing of the payment of 
principal maturities. 
 City of Olathe, Kansas 
Notes to the Basic Financial Statements 
December 31, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
33 
 
 
 
The statutes provide for the following sequence and timetable in the adoption of budgets: 
 
(1) Preparation of the budget for the succeeding calendar year on or before August 1 of  
       each year. 
  
  (2)  Publication of the proposed budget on or before August 5 of each year. 
 
  (3)  A minimum of 10 days notice of a public hearing, published in a local newspaper on or  
        before August 15 of each year on the proposed budget. 
 
  (4)  Adoption of the final budget on or before August 25 of each year. 
 
Kansas statutes permit transferring budgeted am ounts between line items within an individual 
fund; however, such statutes pr ohibit creating expenditures in excess of the total amount of 
the adopted budget of expenditures of individua l funds. The City Manager can transfer 
appropriations within a fund without the appro val of the governing body; however, total 
appropriations are not to exceed the fund’s total budgeted amount. 
 
k. Retirement Plans 
 
Substantially all full-time City employees ar e members of the Kansas Public Employees 
Retirement System (KPERS) or the Kansas Po lice and Fire Retirement Plan (KP&F) (a cost-
sharing multiple-employer public employee retirement system).  The City’s policy is to fund all 
pension costs accrued; such costs are determined annually by the State. 
 
For purposes of measuring the net pension li ability, deferred outflows of resources and 
deferred inflows of resources related to pensi on expense, information about the fiduciary net 
position of the KPERS, and additi ons to/deductions from KPERS fiduciary net position have 
been determined on the same basis as they are reported by KPERS.  For this purpose, benefit 
payments (including refunds of employee contributions) are recognized when due and payable 
in accordance with the benefit terms.  Investments are reported at fair value. 
 
  l . Compensated Absences 
 
The City’s policy permits employees to accumula te a maximum of 8 weeks of vacation time.   
Accumulated unpaid vacation for the governmental funds is included as a liability in the 
government-wide financial statements.  Accumulated unpaid vacation for proprietary funds is 
included as a liability in both the fund and government-wide financial statements. 
 
The City’s policy permits employees to accumu late an unlimited amount of sick leave.  The 
current policy is to compensate employees fo r 25% of unused accumulated sick leave based 
on a maximum of 960 hours upon retirement.  The employee must be eligible for KPERS or 
KP&F retirement to qualify. 
 
m. Interfund Transactions 
 
Permanent reallocation of resources between f unds of the reporting entity is classified as 
interfund transfers.  For purpos e of the statement of activiti es, all interfund transfers between 
individual governmental funds have been eliminated. 
 City of Olathe, Kansas 
Notes to the Basic Financial Statements 
December 31, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
34 
 
 
 
          n. Equity Classifications 
   
In the government-wide statements, equity is shown as net position and classified into three 
components: 
 
(1)  Net investment in capital assets – cons isting of capital assets including restricted 
capital assets, net of accumulated depreciation and reduced by the outstanding balances 
of any bonds, mortgages notes, or other bo rrowings that are attributable to the 
acquisitions, construction, or improvements of those assets. 
 
(2)  Restricted net position – consisting of  net position with constraints placed on their 
use either by (1) external groups such as cr editors, grantors, cont ributors, or laws or 
regulations of other governments; or (2) la w through constitutional provisions or enabling 
legislation.  The City first utilizes restricted resources to finance qualifying activities. 
 
(3)  Unrestricted net position – All other net position that does not meet the definition of   
      “restricted” or “net investment in capital assets.” 
 
In the governmental funds, equity is shown as fund balance and classified into five 
components: 
 
(1)  Nonspendable – inherently nonspendable 
 
(2)  Restricted – externally enforceable limitations on use 
 
(3)  Committed – self – imposed limitations set in place prior to the end of the period at 
      the highest level of decision making 
 
(4)  Assigned – limitation resulting from intended use 
 
(5)  Unassigned – residual net resources 
 
o. Use of Estimates 
 
The preparation of financial stat ements in conformity with GAAP requires management to     
make estimates and assumptions that affect t he reported amounts of assets and liabilities at 
the date of the financial statements and t he reported amounts of revenues and expenses 
during the reporting period.  Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
 
p. Leases 
 
Lessee:  The City is a lessee for a noncancell able lease of equipment.  The City recognizes a 
lease liability and an intangible right-to-use lease asset (lease asset) in the government-wide 
financial statements.  The City recognizes lease liabilities with an initial, individual value of 
$100,000 or more. 
 
At the commencement of a lease, the City initia lly measurers the lease li ability at the present 
value of payments expected to be made during the lease term.  Subsequently, the lease 
liability is reduced by the principal portion of l ease payments made.  The lease asset is initially 
measured as the initial amount of the lease li ability, adjusted for lease payments made at or City of Olathe, Kansas 
Notes to the Basic Financial Statements 
December 31, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
35 
 
before the lease commencement date, plug certain initial direct costs.  Subsequently, the lease 
asset is amortized on a straight-line basis over its useful life. 
 
Key estimates and judgments related to leases include how the City determines (1) the 
discount rate it uses to discount the expected lease payments to present value, (2) lease term, 
and (3) lease payments. 
 
The City uses the interest rate changed by the lessor as the discount rate.  When the interest 
rate charged by the lessor is not provided, the City general uses its estimated incremental 
borrowing rate as the discount rate for leases. 
 
The lease term includes the noncancellable period of the lease.  Lease payments included in 
the measurement of the lease liability are co mposed of fixed payments and purchase option 
price that the City is reasonably certain to exercise. 
 
The City monitors changes in circumstances that  would require a remeasurement of its lease 
and will remeasure the lease asset and liability if  certain changes occur that are expected to 
significantly affect the amount of the lease liability. 
 
Lease assets are reported with other capital asse ts and lease liabilities are reported with long-
term debt on the statement of net position. 
 
Lessor: The City is a lessor for noncancellable leases of antenna towers.  The City recognizes 
a lease receivable and a deferred inflow of re sources in the government-wide and proprietary 
fund financial statements. 
 
At the commencement of a lease, the City init ially measurers the lease receivable at the 
present value of payments expected to be rece ived during the lease term.  Subsequently, the 
lease receivable is reduced by the principal por tion of lease payments received.  The deferred 
inflow of resources is initially measured as t he initial amount of the lease receivable, adjusted 
for lease payments received at or before the lease commencement date.  Subsequently, the 
deferred inflow of resources is recognized as revenue over the life of the lease term. 
 
Key estimates and judgments include how the City determines (1) the discount rate it uses to 
discount the expected lease receipts to present value, (2) lease term, and (3) lease receipts. 
 
The City uses its estimated incremental borrowing rate as the discount rate for leases. 
 
The lease term includes the noncancellable period of the leases.  Lease receipts included in 
the measurement of the lease receivable is composed of fixed payments from the lessee. 
 
The City monitors changes in circumstances that  would require a remeasurement of its lease 
and will remeasure the lease receivable and deferre d inflows of resources if certain changes 
occur that are expected to significantly affect the amount of the lease receivable. 
 
2. Deposits and Investments  
 
The City combines idle cash from all funds for the purpose of increasing income through investment 
activities. Investments are carried at fair value, which approximates cost.  Interest income on investments 
and appreciation/depreciation in fair value investment s are allocated to the governmental fund types and 
proprietary fund types on the basis of average monthly ca sh balances.  State stat utes authorize the City 
to invest in fully collateralized or fully insured money market accounts, time deposits, the State of Kansas 
Municipal Investment Pool, direct debt securities of  the United States, and fully collateralized repurchase City of Olathe, Kansas 
Notes to the Basic Financial Statements 
December 31, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
36 
 
agreements.  The State of Kansas Municipal Investm ent Pool is operated by the State Treasurer and is 
not a SEC registered pool. The Pooled Money Investment Board (PMIB) provides the regulatory oversight 
for this pool.  The fair value of the City’s position in the pool is the same as the value of the City’s pool 
shares. 
 
Facts and Assumptions – The City holds investments that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis.  
Since investing is not a core part of the City’s missio n, the City determines that the disclosures related to 
these investments only need to be disaggregated by majo r type.  The City chooses a narrative format for 
the fair value disclosures. 
 
The City categorizes its fair value measurements with in the fair value hierarch y established by GAAP.  
The hierarchy is based on the valuat ion inputs used to measure the fair value of the assets.  Level 1 
inputs are quoted prices in active markets for ident ical assets; Level 2 inputs are significant other 
observable inputs; Level 3 inputs are significant unobservable inputs. 
 
The City has the following recurring fair value measurements as of December 31, 2022: 
 
 State investment pool of $8,803,893 and are va lued using net asset value (Level 1 inputs). 
 Treasury Notes of $53,389,031 are valued at market value (Level 1 inputs). 
Government Agencies of $174,684,775 are valued using matrix pricing using the price or yield of 
a similar bond (Level 2 inputs). 
 
Interest Rate Risk and Reconciliation of Cash and Inve stments to the Statement of Net Position – As a 
means of limiting its exposure to fair value losses aris ing from rising interest rates, the City’s investment 
policy limits its investment maturities to less than four years.   Listed as follows are the City’s investments 
with maturity dates. 
 
Cash, Cash Equivalents, 
and Investments Maturities Fair Value
State investment pool - overnight 6 months or less 8,803,893$      
Government Agency 2 years or less 174,684,775     
Treasury Note 1 year or less 53,389,031       
     Total investments 236,877,699     
     Certificates of deposit 65,017,000       
     Cash held by trustee 2,007,446         
     Restricted cash deposits 9,365,758         
     Unrestricted cash deposits 8,784,603         
Total cash, cash equivalents, 
  and investments 322,052,506 $  
 
Credit Risk – State law limits investments to Temporar y Notes of the City, Collateralized Certificates of 
Deposit, Collateralized Repurchase Agreements, U.S.  Treasury Obligations, the Kansas Municipal 
Investment Pool, Commercial Bank Savings Acc ounts, U.S. Government Agency Securities, U.S. 
Government Sponsored Corporation’s Instruments, and Multiple Client Investment Pools.  The City’s 
policy on credit risk follows state st atutes.  As of December 31, 2022,  City funds not held in depository 
accounts had been invested in Certificates of Depo sit, Government Sponsored Corporation Instruments, 
Guaranteed Investment Contracts,  and the Kansas Municipal Investment Pool (rated AAAf/S1 by 
Standard & Poor’s). 
 
Concentration of Credit Risk – Presented below is the ac tual rating by Moody’s Investor Services as of 
year-end for each cash and investment type, as well as the concentration, and respective fair value. City of Olathe, Kansas 
Notes to the Basic Financial Statements 
December 31, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
37 
 
 
 
 
 
Investment T
ype 
  
 
Total 
 Percentage of total 
cash and 
investments 
Kansas Municipal Investment Pool     $     8,803,893  2.73% 
Certificates of deposit  65,017,000  20.19% 
U.S. Government Securities     
   Federal Home Loan Bank  137,968,806  42.84% 
   Federal Farm Credit Bank  36,715,969  11.40% 
   U.S. Treasury Notes  53,389,031  16.58% 
Held by trustee or restricted accounts  11,373,204  3.53% 
Unrestricted cash deposit accounts  8,784,603  2.73% 
     
Total  $  322,052,506  100.00% 
 
Federal Home Loan Bank securities are a governm ent sponsored instrument and are rated Aaa by 
Moody’s.  U.S. Treasury Notes (issue d by the U.S. Government) are not rated as they are considered to 
be of the highest quality and are backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. Government. 
 
Custodial Credit Risk – For deposits or investments, custodial credit risk is the risk that, in the event of the 
failure of the bank or counterparty, the City w ill not be able to recover the value of its deposits, 
investments, or collateral securities that are in the possession of an outside party.  The City’s policy for 
deposits and investments follows state statutes.  At December 31, 2022, all of the City’s deposits were 
fully insured by federal depository insurance or otherw ise collateralized by securities held in the City’s 
name.  The City has $228,073,806 of Government Agencies that are held by the investment counterparty. 
 
3.  Taxes and Special Assessments 
 
Taxes and special assessments revenue by fund ty pe, including interest and penalties, as of 
December 31, 2022 are as follows: 
  
Other
 Debt Special Tax Governmental  
General Service Financing Funds Total
Property tax 24,058,868 $      23,527,221 $  2,243,727 $    11,974,700 $  61,804,516 $     
Sales tax 70,542,273         -                      4,899,393      21,019,573     96,461,239        
Franchise tax 12,460,414        -                      -                      -                      12,460,414       
Transient guest tax -                         -                      726,811         1,571,772       2,298,583          
Special assessment -                         3,166,971      -                      -                      3,166,971         
 107,061,555 $    26,694,192 $  7,869,931 $    34,566,045 $  176,191,723 $   
Major
 
 
 
 
 
 
 City of Olathe, Kansas 
Notes to the Basic Financial Statements 
December 31, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
38 
 
 
Taxes and special assessments receivable by fund type as of December 31, 2022 are as follows: 
 
Other
 Debt Special Tax Governmental  
General Service Financing Funds Total
Property tax 23,552,368 $  27,289,448 $  3,081,080 $    12,038,414 $  65,961,310 $     
Sales tax 12,590,545     -                      774,528         3,506,484       16,871,557        
Franchise tax 1,687,864       -                      -                      -                      1,687,864         
Transient guest tax -                      -                      199,588         428,449          628,037             
Special assessment -                      21,548,028    -                      -                      21,548,028       
 37,830,777 $  48,837,476 $  4,055,196 $    15,973,347 $  106,696,796 $   
Major
 
The City’s Property tax is levied each November 1 on the assessed value as of the prior January 1 for all 
property located in the City.  November 1 also se rves as the lien date.  The assessed values are 
established by the Johnson County Assessor.  The as sessed value for property (excluding motor vehicle) 
located in the City as of November 1, 2021 on which the 2022 levy was based was $2,424,766,125 
 
The City’s property tax levies per $1,000 assessed valuation for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 
as follows: 
 
                                            
Fund Levy
General 9.708 $           
Special revenue 4.789              
Debt service 9.744              
24.241$         
      
    
The City’s property taxes for 2022 were assessed in November of 2021 and distributed to the City in 2022 
in accordance with state statutes.  Property taxes are due in total by December 31 following the levy date, 
or they may be paid in equal installments if paid by  December 20 (first inst allment) and the following 
May 10 (second installment). 
 
State statutes prohibit the County Tr easurer from distributing taxes collected in the year levied prior to 
January 1 of the ensuing year.  Therefore, taxes le vied in the current year are recorded as taxes 
receivable and deferred inflows of resources at year-end and are recognized as revenue, net of estimated 
uncollectible and delinquent amounts, in the year they become due. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 City of Olathe, Kansas 
Notes to the Basic Financial Statements 
December 31, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
39 
 
 
4.  Intergovernmental Receivables and Revenue 
 
Amounts due from other governments as of December 31, 2022 are as follows: 
 
Other  
Capital Governmental  
General Projects Funds Total
Federal
  Department of Housing and Urban
    Development - $             - $                 60,671$      60,671 $       
State
  Department of Revenue 150,218    -                    1,297,768   1,447,986     
  Department of Transportation 19,912     220,617         -                   240,529       
Local
  Kansas City Area Transportation
    Authority -                -                    22,682        22,682          
  Johnson County 424,194    4,211,532      -                   4,635,726    
594,324$ 4,432,149 $   1,381,121 $ 6,407,594 $  
MajorCity of Olathe, Kansas 
Notes to the Basic Financial Statements 
December 31, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
40 
 
Intergovernmental revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 consisted of the following:
Other
Capital Governmental
General Projects Funds Total
Federal
  Department of Housing and Urban
    Development - $                - $                  1,140,409$    1,140,409 $    
State and Local Fiscal Recovery Funds -                   884,561        2,540,755       3,425,316       
  FEMA -                   -                     336,354         336,354          
State
  Liquor Tax 640,665       -                     1,281,328      1,921,993       
  State Highway Connecting Links 79,000         -                     -                      79,000           
  Special Highway -                   -                     3,923,753      3,923,753       
  Library State Aid -                   -                     40,569           40,569            
  Department of Wildlife and Parks -                   -                     6,803              6,803              
  Department of Transportation -                   1,966,867     17,366            1,984,233      
  Historical Society -                   -                     89,476           89,476            
County
  Street Improvements -                   8,973,587     -                      8,973,587      
  Heritage Trust -                   -                     5,200              5,200              
Local
  MARC -                   -                     29,204           29,204            
  Kansas City Area Transportation
    Authority -                   -                     118,312         118,312          
  Unified School District 233 836,948       -                     -                      836,948         
1,556,613$ 11,825,015 $ 9,529,529 $    22,911,157 $  
Major
 City of Olathe, Kansas 
Notes to the Basic Financial Statements 
December 31, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
41 
 
5.  Capital Assets
Capital Asset activity for the year ended December 31, 2022 was as follows:
Beginning  End 
of Year Additions Retirements of Year
Governmental activities
Capital assets, not being depreciated
  Land 128,605,774 $   448,374 $       5,641,538 $    123,412,610 $   
  Art collection 13,445               -                      -                      13,445              
  Kansas Room Collection / Genealogy 36,780               -                      14,640           22,140               
  Construction in progress 226,762,325      69,987,013     31,704,498     265,044,840      
    Total capital assets, not being depreciated 355,418,324     70,435,387     37,360,676     388,493,035      
Capital assets being depreciated
  Land improvements 66,753               400,000          -                      466,753            
  Buildings 125,701,570      11,647,058     -                      137,348,628     
  Machinery and equipment 87,133,295        14,096,001     2,857,949       98,371,347        
  Swimming pools 10,251,984        100,000          -                      10,351,984       
  Infrastructure 867,543,251      17,718,490     -                      885,261,741     
  Books and materials 4,339,604          430,837          299,700          4,470,741          
  Right-to-use asset -                         225,738         -                      225,738            
    Total capital assets being depreciated 1,095,036,457  44,618,124     3,157,649       1,136,496,932  
Less accumulated depreciation for
  Land improvements (36,150)              (3,338)             -                      (39,488)            
  Buildings (39,841,799)       (3,125,432)      -                      (42,967,231)     
  Machinery and equipment (58,516,408)       (6,855,869)      (2,764,917)      (62,607,360)      
  Swimming pools (8,282,132)         (229,517)         -                      (8,511,649)       
  Infrastructure (540,338,080)     (26,404,513)    -                      (566,742,593)   
  Books and materials (3,119,207)         (469,842)         (299,700)         (3,289,349)       
  Right-to-use asset -                         (55,245)          -                      (55,245)            
    Total accumulated depreciation (650,133,776)     (37,143,756)    (3,064,617)      (684,212,915)   
      Total capital assets being depreciated, net 444,902,681     7,474,368       93,032            452,284,017     
Governmental activities capital assets, net 800,321,005$   77,909,755 $  37,453,708 $  840,777,052 $   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 City of Olathe, Kansas 
Notes to the Basic Financial Statements 
December 31, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
42 
 
Beginning  End 
of Year Additions Retirements of Year
Business-type activities
Capital assets, not being depreciated
  Land 4,659,930 $       70,895 $         - $                   4,730,825$       
  Construction in progress 45,132,666        11,395,534     8,068,707       48,459,493        
    Total capital assets, not being depreciated 49,792,596       11,466,429     8,068,707       53,190,318        
 
Capital assets being depreciated
  Buildings 33,778,295        -                      -                      33,778,295       
  Machinery and equipment 5,051,065          904,524          -                      5,955,589         
  Water system 227,898,768      4,522,021       455,203          231,965,586     
  Sewer system 213,954,191      2,571,266       -                      216,525,457     
    Total capital assets being depreciated 480,682,319     7,997,811       455,203          488,224,927     
Less accumulated depreciation for
  Buildings (15,777,352)       (819,694)         -                      (16,597,046)     
  Machinery and equipment (3,750,955)         (100,439)         -                      (3,851,394)       
  Water system (72,370,758)       (2,797,417)      -                      (75,168,175)     
  Sewer system (52,826,134)       (3,694,241)      (225,066)         (56,295,309)     
    Total accumulated depreciation (144,725,199)     (7,411,791)      (225,066)         (151,911,924)   
    Total capital assets being depreciated, net 335,957,120     586,020          230,137          336,313,003     
Business-type activities capital assets, net 385,749,716$   12,052,449 $  8,298,844 $    389,503,321 $   
 
 
Beginning End 
Component unit of Year Additions Retirements of Year
Capital assets, not being depreciated
  Land 442,111 $       - $                   - $                   442,111$       
    Total capital assets, not being depreciated 442,111         -                      -                      442,111         
Capital assets being depreciated
  Buildings and improvements 8,821,936       380,161          -                      9,202,097      
  Machinery and equipment 245,304          34,164            2,327              277,141          
    Total capital assets being depreciated 9,067,240       414,325          2,327              9,479,238      
Less accumulated depreciation for
  Buildings (7,258,315)      (225,364)         -                      (7,483,679)     
  Machinery and equipment (214,829)         (6,522)             (2,327)             (219,024)        
    Total accumulated depreciation (7,473,144)      (231,886)         (2,327)             (7,702,703)     
      Total capital assets being depreciated, net 1,594,096      182,439          -                      1,776,535      
Component units capital assets, net 2,036,207 $    182,439 $       - $                   2,218,646$    
 
 City of Olathe, Kansas 
Notes to the Basic Financial Statements 
December 31, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
43 
 
Depreciation expense was charged to functions/programs of the primary government as follows:
Government activities
General government 670,834 $       
Public safety 1,064,919      
Public works 28,200,615    
Community services 1,180,102       
Capital assets held by the government's internal service funds are
  charged to the various functions based on their usage of assets 6,027,286       
Total depreciation expense for governmental activities 37,143,756 $  
Business-type activities
Water and sewer 7,340,271 $    
Solid waste 71,520           
Total depreciation expense for business-type activities 7,411,791 $    
Component Unit
Olathe public housing authority 231,886$       
 
 
6. Leases receivable 
 
During the current fiscal year, the City had antenna site leases that were leased to third parties. The City 
recognized $26,450 in lease interest income during the current fiscal year related to these leases 
recorded in the Water and Sewer Fund. As of De cember 31, 2022, the City’s receivable for lease 
payments was $2,800,715. Also, the City has a deferred inflow of resources associated with these leases 
that will be recognized as revenue over the lease te rms. As of December 31, 2022, the balance of the 
deferred inflow of resources was $2,790,819. 
 
7.  Debt 
 
Short-term debt 
 
The following is a summary of the short-term debt  transactions of the City for the year ended 
December 31, 2022. 
 
Beginning  End Due in
of Year Additions Retirements of Year One Year
Governmental
  Temporary notes 49,531,641 $   67,565,600 $   49,531,641 $  67,565,600 $   67,565,600 $  
 City of Olathe, Kansas 
Notes to the Basic Financial Statements 
December 31, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
44 
 
Interest Rate Maturit y Date End of Year
Temporary Notes
Street and sidewalk improvements 5.00% 1-Aug-23 28,205,646 $  
Citywide improvements 5.00% 1-Aug-23 39,359,954     
67,565,600$  
Long-term debt  
 
The following is a summary of long-term debt transactions for the year ended December 31, 2022.   
 
Beginning  End Due in
of Year Transfers Additions Retirements of Year One Year
Governmental
  General obligation bonds 221,315,000$ 555,000 $        19,800,000$    24,745,000 $  216,925,000 $ 26,480,000 $  
  Special obligations bonds 20,077,454     -                       -                       1,725,453      18,352,001      14,612,001     
  Revenue bonds 2,860,000        -                       3,025,000        120,000          5,765,000        220,000          
  Leases payable 108,759           -                       116,979           54,889            170,849           55,896            
  Compensated absences 5,122,011       -                       4,411,935        3,995,169       5,538,777        4,679,937       
  Total KPERS OPEB liability 1,898,768       -                       151,768           849,759          1,200,777        -                      
  Total OPEB liability 27,497,591      -                       2,933,626        2,148,176       28,283,041      -                      
278,879,583   555,000           30,439,308      33,638,446     276,235,445    46,047,834     
  Add:  bond issuance premium 29,238,544     306,733           1,702,257         3,220,466       28,027,068      3,263,022       
  Deduct: bond discount (1,579)              -                       -                       (126)               (1,453)             (126)                
  Total governmental debt 308,116,548   861,733           32,141,565      36,858,786     304,261,060    49,310,730     
Business-type
  General obligation bonds 5,950,000       (555,000)          -                       1,280,000      4,115,000        1,330,000       
  Revenue bonds 100,910,000    -                       11,740,000      5,220,000       107,430,000    5,850,000       
  KDHE revolving loan 10,889,817     -                       -                       1,461,503      9,428,314        1,509,703       
  Compensated absences 1,127,932       -                       899,166           879,787          1,147,311        980,423          
  Total KPERS OPEB liability 285,465          -                       23,961             119,844          189,582           -                      
  Total OPEB liability 3,276,750        -                       325,958           220,613          3,382,095        -                      
122,439,964   (555,000)          12,989,085       9,181,747       125,692,302    9,670,126       
  Add:  bond issuance premium 6,109,622       (306,733)          661,215            786,657          5,677,447        762,591          
  Total business-type debt 128,549,586   (861,733)          13,650,300       9,968,404       131,369,749    10,432,717     
    Total primary government 436,666,134$ - $                    45,791,865$    46,827,190 $  435,630,809 $ 59,743,447 $  
Projects financed in part by special assessments are financed by the issuance of general obligation 
bonds of the City and are backed by the full faith and credit of the City and are included within the 
General Obligation Bonds and are retired from the Debt Service Fund. 
 
Upon authorization for the issuance of general oblig ation bonds for certain improvements, Kansas law 
permits temporary financing of such improvements by  the issuance of general obligation notes.  General 
obligation notes issued may not exceed the aggregate amount of bonds authorized, are interest bearing, 
and have a maturity date not later than four years fr om the date of issuance of  such general obligation 
notes. 
 
Compensated absences and OPEB liab ilities have typically been liquida ted by the General, Water and 
Sewer, Solid Waste, and Central Garage Funds. 
 
The City’s General Obligation Bonds constitute general obligations of the City payable as to both principal 
and interest from ad valorem taxes which may be levied without limitation as to rate or amount upon all City of Olathe, Kansas 
Notes to the Basic Financial Statements 
December 31, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
45 
 
the taxable tangible property, real and personal, within the territorial limits of the City.  The full faither, 
credit and resources of the City are irrevocably ple dged for the prompt payment of the principal of and 
interest on the Bonds as the same become due. 
Bonds
Original Ori ginal Issue Maturit y End 
Issue Interest Rate Date of Year
General Obligation Bonds
Governmental activities
2014 Series 223 improvement bonds 9,315,000       1.50 - 5.00 1-Oct-24 2,855,000 $     
2014 Series 225 improvement bonds 12,905,000    1.00 - 3.90 1-Sep-35 9,580,000        
2015 Series 226 improvement bonds 11,695,000    2.50 - 5.00 1-Oct-25 3,650,000        
2015 Series 227 refunding 8,290,000       2.00 - 4.00 1-Oct-27 2,675,000        
2016 Series 228 refunding and improvement 25,315,000    0.65 - 2.29 1-Oct-31 13,240,000      
2016 Series 229 improvement 5,765,000       0.90 - 2.55 1-Oct-26 2,520,000        
2017 Series 230 refunding and improvement 27,525,000    2.50 - 5.00 1-Oct-29 18,270,000      
2018 Series 231 improvement bonds 34,170,000    4.00 - 5.00 1-Oct-28 22,445,000      
2019 Series 232 improvement bonds 21,115,000    4.00 - 5.00 1-Oct-30 14,335,000      
2020 Series 233 improvement bonds 29,365,000    2.00 - 3.00 1-Oct-31 22,565,000      
2021 Series 234 improvement and refunding 93,050,000    1.75 - 4.25 1-Oct-41 84,990,000      
2022 Series 235 improvement bonds 19,800,000    3.50 - 5.00 1-Oct-42 19,800,000      
216,925,000   
Business-type activities
2021 Series 234 improvement and refunding 5,395,000      1.75 - 4.25 1-Oct-41 4,115,000        
  Total General Obligation Bonds 221,040,000 $ 
Original Ori ginal Issue Maturit y End
Issue Interest Rate Date of Year
Governmental activities
Special Obli
gation Bonds
  2006 Series Olathe Gateway TIF 13,030,000 $  4.75 - 5.00 1-Mar-26 6,830,201 $     
  2006 Series Olathe Gateway TDD 9,195,000       4.75 - 5.00 1-Dec-28 6,481,800        
  2007 Series West Village TIF 16,565,000     5.00 - 5.50 1-Sep-26 5,040,000        
18,352,001$   
2006 Olathe Gateway TIF 
 
The City has pledged 100% of the incremental incr ease in ad valorem tax revenues and 100% of the 
incremental increase in the City’s sales tax revenu es to repay the $13,030,000 in tax increment financing 
bonds issued in December 2006 to finance the rede velopment of the Olathe Gateway.  The bonds are 
payable solely from the incremental ad valorem and sales taxes generated by Olathe Gateway.  
Incremental taxes were projected to produce $21, 199,063, payable through September 2026.  As of 
December 31, 2022, total principal and interest re maining on the bonds was $10,591,381. For 2022, 
principal and interest paid and total incremental tax revenues were $325,189 and $174,811, respectively. 
 
Due to the insufficiency of funds to cover the pr incipal on the bonds for the September 1, 2011, debt 
service payment, the Trustee has determined that an “event of default” has occurred under the Indenture 
and has declared the principal of all bonds outst anding and the interest accrued thereon to be 
immediately due and payable.  The bonds are special, limited obligations of the City.  Neither the bonds 
nor the interest thereon constitute a general oblig ation or indebtedness of, nor is the payment thereof 
guaranteed by the City. City of Olathe, Kansas 
Notes to the Basic Financial Statements 
December 31, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
46 
 
 
 
 
2006 Olathe Gateway TDD 
 
The City has pledged 100% of the transportation devel opment district sales tax (1%) on the selling of 
tangible personal property or rendering or furnishing of  services within the transportation district to repay 
the $9,195,000 in transportation development distri ct bonds issued in December 2006 to finance the 
redevelopment of the Olathe Gateway.  The bond s are payable solely from the transportation 
development district tax revenue generated by Olathe Gateway.  Incremental taxes were projected to 
produce $19,042,625 over the life of the bonds.  As of December 31, 2022, total principal and interest 
remaining on the bonds was $10,204,712, payable through December 2028.  For 2022, principal and 
interest paid and total incremental tax revenues were $195,264 and $109,736, respectively. 
 
Due to the insufficiency of funds to cover the pr incipal on the bonds for the June 1, 2011, debt service 
payment, the trustee has determined that an “event of  default” has occurred under the indenture and has 
declared the principal of all bonds outstanding and the interest accrued thereon to be immediately due 
and payable.  The bonds are special, limited obligations  of the City.  Neither the bonds nor the interest 
thereon constitute a general obligation or indebtednes s of, nor is the payment thereof guaranteed by the 
City. 
 
2007 West Village TIF 
 
The City has pledged 100% of the incremental incr ease in ad valorem tax revenues and 100% of the 
incremental increase in the City’s sales tax revenu es to repay the $16,565,000 in tax increment financing 
bonds issued in July 2007 to finance the redevelopm ent of the West Village.  The bonds are payable 
solely from the incremental ad valorem and sales taxes generated by the West Village.  Incremental taxes 
were projected to produce $32,108,898 over the lif e of the bonds.  As of December 31, 2022, total 
principal and interest remaining on the bonds was $5,299,600, payable through March 2026.  For 2022, 
principal and interest and total incremental tax revenues were $1,205,000 and $326,659, respectively. 
 
Governmental activities
2019 Stormwater System revenue bonds 3,225,000      3.00 - 5.000 1-Oct-38 2,740,000 $     
2022 Stormwater System revenue bonds 3,025,000      4.00 - 5.000 1-Oct-42 3,025,000        
Total governmental activities 5,765,000       
Business-type activities
2012 Water and Sewer System revenue bonds 9,585,000      2.00 - 3.000 1-Jul-32 5,280,000        
2015 Water and Sewer System revenue bonds 18,895,000    2.00 - 5.000 1-Jul-35 13,675,000      
2017 Water and Sewer System revenue bonds 11,340,000    3.00 - 4.000 1-Jul-37 8,755,000        
2018 Water and Sewer System revenue bonds 11,580,000    3.00 - 5.000 1-Jul-38 9,965,000        
2019 Water and Sewer System revenue bonds 16,360,000    3.00 - 5.000 1-Jul-39 14,395,000      
2020 Water and Sewer System revenue bonds 16,360,000    3.00 - 5.000 1-Jul-39 11,240,000      
2021 Water and Sewer System revenue bonds 35,270,000    2.00 - 4.000 1-Jul-41 32,380,000      
2022 Water and Sewer System revenue bonds 11,740,000    4.00 - 5.000 1-Jul-42 11,740,000      
Total business-type  activities 107,430,000    
  Total revenue bonds 113,195,000$ 
 
 City of Olathe, Kansas 
Notes to the Basic Financial Statements 
December 31, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
47 
 
 
KDHE revolving loans 
 
The City entered into a loan agreement with KDHE for the Cedar Creek Wastewater Treatment Plant 
Sludge Project.  The loan was entered into on July 16, 2003 with an interest rate of 2.69% and a 
maximum amount of $2,207,863.  As of December  31, 2022, $2,207,863 had been drawn on this loan 
and the payback amount was $280,056.  Principal  payments of $134,015 were made in 2022.  The 
payback period for the amount of the loan remaining is  2 years.  The loan payment began in 2005 when 
the project was completed. 
 
The City entered into a loan agreement with KDHE for the Cedar Creek Wastewater Treatment Plant 
Pump Station Project.  The loan was entered into on Ma rch 7, 2006 with an interest rate of 2.42% and a 
maximum amount of $768,500.  As of December 31, 2022, $768,500 had been drawn on this loan and 
the payback amount was $203,747.  Principal payment s of $47,648 were made in 2022.  The payback 
period for the amount of the loan remaining is 4 years.  The loan payment began in 2007 when the project 
was completed. 
 
The City entered into a loan agreement with KDHE for the 42” Finished Water Transmission Project.  The 
loan was entered into on November 13, 2007 with an interest rate of 3.11% and a maximum amount of 
$16,883,916.  As of December 31, 2022, $16,883, 916 had been drawn on this loan and the payback 
amount was $6,938,568.  Principal payments of $1, 023,836 were made in 2022.  The payback period for 
the amount of the loan remaining is 6 years.  The loan payment began in 2009 when the project was 
completed. 
 
The City entered into a loan agreement with KDHE for the Cedar Creek Wastewater Treatment Plant 
Expansion Project.  The loan was entered into on Marc h 9, 2009 with an interest rate of 2.55% and a 
maximum amount of $4,221,984.  As of December  31, 2022, $4,221,984 had been drawn on this loan 
and the payback amount was $2,005,943.  Principal  payments of $256,004 were made in 2022.  The 
payback period for the amount of the loan remaining is  7 years.  The loan payment began in 2010 when 
the project was completed. 
 
Annual debt service requirements to maturity for Governmental Activities are as follows: 
 
Year Principal Interest Principal Interest Principal Interest Principal Interest
2023 26,480,000 $        8,342,128 $     220,000 $        238,587 $       14,612,001$   7,743,692 $   41,312,001 $     16,324,407 $   
2024 26,370,000           7,210,170        230,000           227,588          1,405,000        186,588         28,005,000        7,624,346        
2025 25,715,000           6,088,033        240,000           216,087          1,515,000        107,938         27,470,000        6,412,058        
2026 24,725,000           5,003,045        255,000           204,088          820,000           22,550           25,800,000       5,229,683        
2027 23,315,000           4,079,989        265,000           191,338          -                       -                     23,580,000       4,271,327        
2028 - 2032 72,300,000          8,890,059        1,505,000        771,738          -                       -                     73,805,000       9,661,797        
2033 - 2037 11,120,000          1,682,278        1,820,000        451,688          -                       -                     12,940,000       2,133,966        
2038 - 2042 6,900,000            493,625           1,230,000        138,392          -                       -                     8,130,000         632,017           
 216,925,000         41,789,327      5,765,000        2,439,506       18,352,001      8,060,768      241,042,001      52,289,601      
Due within one year 26,480,000          8,342,128        220,000           238,587          14,612,001     7,743,692      41,312,001        16,324,407      
Due in more than 
  one year 190,445,000$      33,447,199 $   5,545,000 $     2,200,919 $    3,740,000 $     317,076 $      199,730,000$   35,965,194 $   
Governmental Activities
General Obligation Bonds Revenue Bonds Totals Special Obligation Bonds
 City of Olathe, Kansas 
Notes to the Basic Financial Statements 
December 31, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
48 
 
Annual debt service requirements to maturity for Business-type Activities are as follows: 
 
Year Principal Interest Principal Interest Principal Interest Principal Interest
2023 1,330,000 $          174,887 $        5,850,000 $        3,496,794 $     1,509,703 $     268,357 $      8,689,703 $       3,940,038 $     
2024 1,360,000             118,363           6,075,000           3,273,062        1,559,505        223,428         8,994,505          3,614,853        
2025 1,425,000             60,564             6,305,000           3,036,863        1,464,683        177,984         9,194,683          3,275,411        
2026 -                            -                       6,575,000          2,785,562        1,513,521        133,983         8,088,521          2,919,545        
2027 -                            -                       6,840,000          2,528,338        1,509,594        88,832           8,349,594          2,617,170        
2028 - 2032 -                            -                       35,970,000        8,976,538        1,871,308        49,113           37,841,308       9,025,651        
2033 - 2037 -                            -                       30,210,000        3,900,894        -                       -                     30,210,000       3,900,894        
2038 - 2042 -                            -                       9,605,000          738,212           -                       -                     9,605,000         738,212           
 4,115,000             353,814           107,430,000      28,736,263      9,428,314        941,697         120,973,314     30,031,774      
Due within one year 1,330,000            174,887           5,850,000           3,496,794        1,509,703        268,357         8,689,703          3,940,038        
Due in more
  than one year 2,785,000$          178,927 $        101,580,000$    25,239,469 $   7,918,611 $     673,340 $      112,283,611$   26,091,736 $   
Totals
Business-type Activities
General Obligation Bonds Revenue  Bonds KDHE Revolving Loan
The City has pledged future water customer revenues , net of specified operating expenses, to repay 
$113,195,000 ($5,280,000 Series 2012, $13,675,000 Se ries 2015, $8,755,000 Series 2017, $9,965,000 
Series 2018, $17,135,000 Series 2019, $11,240, 000 Series 2020, $32,380,000 Series 2021, and 
$14,765,000 Series 2022) in water system revenue bonds.  Proceeds from the bonds provide financing 
for several new improvements to the City’s water and sewer system.  The bonds are payable solely from 
water customer net revenues and are payable through 2042.  The total principal and interest remaining to 
be paid on the bonds is $144,370,769.  Principal and in terest paid for the current year were $5,220,000 
and $3,168,331, respectively. 
 
Net Revenue
Fiscal Current Available for Principal Interest
Year Revenues Expenses Debt Service Requirement Requirement Coverage
2022 58,544,396$  36,688,770 $  21,855,626 $    5,220,000 $    3,168,331 $    2.61              
Water & Sewer Revenue Bonds
K.S.A. 10-308 restricts the level of the authorized and outstanding bonded indebtedness of the City to not 
more than 30% of the assessed valuation of the City.  For purposes of calculating the legal debt margin of 
the City, the following types of bonds are excluded from the total indebtedness of the City: (a) bonds 
issued for the purpose of acquiring, enlarging, ext ending, or improving any storm or sanitary sewer 
system or any municipal utility, and (b) bonds issued to pay for the costs of improvements to intersections 
of streets and alleys or that portion of any street immediately in front of City or school district property. 
 
GO Bonds and Revenue Bonds 
 
The City issued Series 235 General Obligation Bo nds on July 19, 2022 in the amount of $19,800,000. 
The bonds will be used for the pu rpose of permanently financing the costs of certain public 
improvements. The bonds have interest rates ranging from 3.50% to 5.00% with a final maturity of 
October 1, 2042. 
 
 City of Olathe, Kansas 
Notes to the Basic Financial Statements 
December 31, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
49 
 
 
The City issued Series 2022 revenue bonds on Ju ly 12, 2022 in the amount of $11,740,000 for the 
purpose of acquiring, constructing, reconstructing, al tering, repairing, improving, extending or enlarging 
the operation of its water and sewe r system. The bonds have interest rates ranging from 4.00% to 5.00% 
with a final maturity of July 1, 2042. 
 
The City issued Series 2022 revenue bonds on July 12, 2022 in the amount of $3,025,000 for the purpose 
of repairing, altering, extending, reconstructing, enlar ging, or improving the operation of its stormwater 
system. The bonds have interest rates ranging from 4.00%  to 5.00% with a final maturity of October 1, 
2042. 
 
As of December 31, 2022, based on the assessed valuation as of December 15, 2022 of $2,424,766,125, 
the general obligation debt limit was $727,429,838 which,  after reduction for outstanding eligible general 
obligation bonds and notes totaling $286,780,000 and amounts available for debt service of $94,703,155, 
provides a general obligation debt margin of $345,946,683. 
 
Leases payable 
 
During the current year, the City leased office equipm ent from a third-party. The initial term was for 4 
years with a remaining term of 3 years. As of De cember 31, 2022, the value of the lease liability was 
$170,849. The City is required to make monthly prin cipal and interest payments of $4,658. The lease has 
an interest rate of .55%. The value of the right-to-use  asset as of the end of the current fiscal year was 
$225,738 and had accumulated depreciation of $55,245. 
 
Annual lease payable requirements to maturity for Governmental Activities are as follows: 
 
Year Principal Interest
2023 55,092 $   804 $       
2024 55,397      499          
2025 55,704      192          
2026 4,656        2              
 170,849 $ 1,497 $     
8.  Fund Balances 
 
In the fund financial statements, governmental funds report fund balance in five different classifications. 
 
a. Nonspendable.  Assets legally or contractually required to be maintained or are not in 
spendable form.  Such constraint is binding until the legal requirement is repealed or the 
amounts become spendable. 
b. Restricted.  Assets with externally imposed co nstraints, such as those mandated by creditors, 
grantors, and contributors, or laws and regulat ions.  Such constraint is binding unless 
modified or rescinded by the applicable external body, laws, or regulations. 
c. Committed.  Assets with a purpose formally  imposed by ordinance by the City Council, 
binding unless modified or rescinded by the City Council. 
d. Assigned.  Assets constrained by the expres sed written intent of the City Council (only 
possible if any fund balance is budgeted to be used in the next year), City Manager, Director 
of Resource Management, or designee.  The designee is only allowed to assign for the 
purpose of encumbrances.  Various people are allowed to approve encumbrances based 
upon the dollar amount per the City Council ap proved Purchasing Policy.  Encumbrances 
shall be considered as assigned unless they specifically meet the requirements to be 
restricted or committed. City of Olathe, Kansas 
Notes to the Basic Financial Statements 
December 31, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
50 
 
e. Unassigned.  All amounts not included in the ot her fund balance classifications.  The general 
fund shall be the only fund to report positive unassigned fund balance.  All other 
governmental funds may report negative unassigned fund balance. 
 
For unrestricted fund balance, committed amounts should be reduced first, followed by assigned 
amounts, followed by unassigned amounts. It is the goal  of the City to maintain a minimum fund balance 
in the general fund of 15% of revenues, with an ann ual target of 30% of revenues.  The following chart 
details the components of fund balance for the City at December 31, 2022. 
 
Nonmajor
Other Total
Debt Special Tax Capital Governmental Governmental
General Service Financing Projects Funds Funds
Fund Balances:
  Non Spendable: 568,761$         - $                     - $                   - $                      40,500$           609,261 $            
  Restricted for:
    Debt service -                        73,329,071      9,655,280       -                         -                        82,984,351         
    Public works -
       motor fuel  tax -                        -                        -                      -                         397,293           397,293               
    Public works -
      street maintenance 
        sales tax -                        -                        -                      -                         7,970,639        7,970,639            
     Community services -
      special alcohol -                        -                        -                      -                         1,227,324        1,227,324            
     Community services -
      special park & recreation -                        -                        -                      -                         2,952,688        2,952,688            
     Community services - 
      Park sales tax -                        -                        -                      -                         4,883,549        4,883,549            
     Community services -
      grants -                        -                        -                      -                         4,646,914        4,646,914            
     Community services - 
      reimbursable programs -                        -                        -                      -                         40,766             40,766                 
     General government -
      reimbursable programs -                        -                        -                      -                         1,043,767        1,043,767            
     General government -
      library -                        -                        -                      -                         4,646,696        4,646,696            
  Committed to:
     Public works - 
      storm water -                        -                        -                      -                         2,766,543        2,766,543            
     Public works - 
      future street improvement -                       -                        -                      -                         10,173,302      10,173,302          
     Community services -
      Recreation -                        -                        -                      -                         264,899           264,899               
     Community services - 
      Cemetary -                        -                        -                      -                         206,163           206,163               
     General government -
      Economic Development -                        -                        -                      -                         2,199,168        2,199,168            
  Assigned to:
     General government
      encumbrances 3,948,318         -                        -                      -                         -                        3,948,318           
  Unassigned: 50,883,642      -                        -                      (13,016,986)      -                        37,866,656         
     Total fund balances: 55,400,721$    73,329,071 $    9,655,280 $    (13,016,986) $    43,460,211 $    168,828,297 $     
Major
 
Deficit fund equity 
 
At December 31, 2022, the Capital Projects fund, a major fund, had a deficit fund balance of $13,016,986. 
The deficit is attributed to spending resources obtained through the issuance of long-term debt in the prior 
period on capital improvements.  That is, the fund balanc e that resulted from the previous long-term debt 
issuance was spent down during the current period as the related capital projects progressed.   
 City of Olathe, Kansas 
Notes to the Basic Financial Statements 
December 31, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
51 
 
Another reason for the decrease in fund balance in the current year is due to the use of short-term debt.  
In the case of the capital projects funds, temporary notes were issued to finance expenditures of certain 
capital projects.  When issued, temporary notes are reported as a liability on the balance sheet, with no 
effect on the fund balance (i.e., proceeds = liability for debt).  However, as proceeds as spend, the related 
expenditures cause a decrease in fund balance.  Temporary notes in the amount of $67,565,660 
remained outstanding and were reported as a liability in t he capital projects funds at year end, while less 
than $12,000,000 of the proceeds remained unspent.   
 
The City of Olathe intends to issue long-term bonds to  replace these temporary notes as capital projects 
are completed.  The issuance of the bonds will elimi nate the fund balance deficit  in the capital projects 
funds.     
 
9.  Interfund Activities 
 
Interfund transactions for the year were as follows: 
Internal Other
 Debt Capital Water & Solid Service Governmental
Transfers from General Service Projects Sewer Waste Funds Funds Total
General - $                   6,334,841$      10,512,629 $   - $                   - $                   - $                   425,653$       17,273,123$    
 
Capital Projects 557,679          2,918,725         -                       674,688         4,438              49,476            8,107,708      12,312,714       
Other Governmental Funds 8,164,548      1,573,661         21,416,612      44,999            -                      -                      160                31,199,980      
Debt Service -                      -                       -                       -                      -                      -                      326                326                   
Special financing 573,961          -                       -                       -                      -                      -                      191,423         765,384            
Proprietary Funds
  Water and sewer -                      -                       215,932          -                      -                      -                      -                      215,932           
  Solid waste -                      -                       1,351,591       -                      -                      -                      -                      1,351,591        
  Internal service funds -                      -                       35,531            -                      -                      -                      -                      35,531             
    Total proprietary funds -                      -                       1,603,054       -                      -                      -                      -                      1,603,054        
Totals 9,296,188 $    10,827,227 $    33,532,295 $   719,687 $       4,438 $           49,476 $         8,725,270$    63,154,581 $    
Transfer to
Major
Transfers are used to (1) move revenues from the fund that statute or budget requires to collect them to 
the fund that statute or budget requires to expend t hem, including transfers from the fire levy and motor 
fuel tax funds to the general fund, (2) move receipts restricted to debt service from funds collecting the 
receipts to the debt service fund as debt service payments are due, and (3) us e unrestricted revenues 
collected in various funds to finance various programs accounted for in other funds in accordance with 
budgetary authorization, including year-end transfers to fund projects within the capital projects and water 
and sewer funds.  Any transfers within the governm ent funds have been eliminated in the government-
wide statement of activities.   
 
 
 
 City of Olathe, Kansas 
Notes to the Basic Financial Statements 
December 31, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
52 
 
Further, during the year ended December 31, 2022,  the City of Olathe made the following one-time 
transfers: 
 Transfer of $765,384 from the special tax financing  fund to the park sales tax, street maintenance 
sales tax, and general fund to reallocate sale s taxes assigned to a redevelopment that had not 
submitted an approved plan. 
 Transfers totaling $10,512,629 from the general fund to the capital projects fund to cash finance 
various projects to align with the City’s five-year capital improvement plan. 
 Transfer of $14,500,000 from stre et maintenance sales tax fund to the capital projects fund to 
cash finance street maintenance projects to align with the City’s five-year capital improvement 
plan. 
 Transfer of $557,679 from capital projects fund to  the general fund to return remaining funds after 
project closeout. 
 
Interfund receivable/payable balances as of December 31, 2022 were as follows:  
 
 
Receivables Payables
Fund Statements
  General 601,435 $         - $                       
  Other governmental funds -                        599,931             
Internal service funds 1,289,528         1,504                  
  Capital projects -                        1,289,528          
      1,890,963 $      1,890,963 $        
 
Government-Wide Statements
  Governmental (11,663,092) $   - $                       
  Business-type -                        11,663,092        
  
10.  Pension Plans 
 
Plan description 
 
The City participates in the Kansas Public Empl oyees Retirement System (KPERS), a cost-sharing 
multiple-employer defined benefit pension plan as pr ovided by K.S.A. 74-4901, et. seq. Kansas law 
establishes and amends benefit provisions.  KPERS is sues a publicly availabl e financial report that 
includes financial statements an d required supplementary information. KPERS’ financial statements are 
included in its Annual Comprehensive Financial Report which can be found on the KPERS website at 
http://www.kpers.org or by writing to KPERS (611 South Kans as, Suite 100, Topeka, KS 66603) or by 
calling 1-888-275-5737. 
 
Benefits provided 
 
KPERS provides retirement benefits, life insuranc e, disability income ben efits, and death benefits. 
Benefits are established by st atute and may only be changed by the General Assembly. Member 
employees (except Police and Firemen) with ten or more years of credited service, may retire as early as 
age 55 (Police and Firemen may be age 50 with 20 years of  credited service), with an actuarially reduced 
monthly benefit. Normal retirement is at age 65, age 62 with ten years of credited service, or whenever an 
employee’s combined age and years of credited service equal 85 “points” (Police and Firemen’s normal 
retirement ages are age 60 with 15 years of credited service, age 55 with 20 years, age 50 with 25 years, 
or any age with 36 years of service).  
 City of Olathe, Kansas 
Notes to the Basic Financial Statements 
December 31, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
53 
 
Monthly retirement benefits are based on a statutory formula that includes final average salary and years 
of service. When ending employment, member employ ees may withdraw their contributions from their 
individual accounts, including interest. Member employ ees who withdraw their ac cumulated contributions 
lose all rights and privileges of membership. The ac cumulated contributions and interest are deposited 
into and disbursed from the membership accumulated reserve fund as established by K.S.A. 74-4922. 
 
Member employees chose one of seven payment optio ns for their monthly retirement benefits. At 
retirement a member employee may receive a lump-s um payment of up to 50% of the actuarial present 
value of the member employee’s lifetime benefit. Hi s or her monthly retire ment benefit is then 
permanently reduced based on the amount of the lump -sum. Benefit increases, including ad hoc post-
retirement benefit increases, must be passed into la w by the Kansas Legislature. Benefit increases are 
under the authority of the Legislature and the Governor of the State of Kansas.  
 
For all pension coverage groups, the retirement benefits are disbursed from  the retirement benefit 
payment reserve fund as established by K.S.A. 74-4922. 
Contributions 
 
K.S.A. 74-4919 and K.S.A. 74-49,210 establish th e KPERS member-employee contributions rates. 
KPERS has multiple benefit structures and contribut ion rates depending on w hether the employee is a 
KPERS 1, KPERS 2 or KPERS 3 member. KPERS 1 members are active and contributing members hired 
before July 1, 2009. KPERS 2 members were first empl oyed in a covered position on or after July 1, 
2009, and KPERS 3 members were first employed in a covered position on or after Ja nuary 1, 2015. 
Effective January 1, 2015, Kansas law established the KPERS member-employee contribution rate at 6% 
of covered salary for KPERS 1, KPERS 2 and KPERS 3 members. K.S.A. 74-4975 establishes the Police 
and Firemen (KP&F) member-employ ee contribution rate at 7.15% of covered salary. Member 
contributions are withheld by their employer and paid  to KPERS according to t he provisions of Section 
414(h) of the Internal Revenue Code. 
 
State law provides that the em ployer contribution rates for KPERS 1, KPERS 2, KPERS 3 and KP&F be 
determined based on the results of ea ch annual actuarial valuation. KPERS is funded on an actuarial 
reserve basis.  Kansas law sets a limitation on annual  increases in the employer contribution rates. The 
actuarially determined employer contribution rate a nd the statutory contribution rate (not including the 
1.00% contribution rate for the Death and Disab ility Program) was 8.90 % for KPERS and 22.99% for 
KP&F for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
Contributions to the pension plan from the City were $3,976,485 for KPERS and $7,031,807 for KP&F for 
the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
Employer Allocations 
 
Although KPERS administers one cost sharing multiple-employer defined benefit pension plan, separate 
(sub) actuarial valuations are prepared to determine the actuarial determined c ontribution rate by group. 
Following this method, the measurement of the co llective net pension liability, deferred outflows of 
resources, deferred inflows of resources, and pension expense are determined separately for each group 
of the plan.  The City participates in the local (KPERS) group and the Police and Firemen (KP&F) group.  
 
The allocation percentages for the City’s share of the collective pension amounts as of June 30, 2022 and 
2021 were based on the ratio of its contributions to the total of the employer and nonemployer 
contribution group for the fiscal years ended June 30 , 2022 and 2021, respectively.  The contributions 
used exclude contributions made for prior service, excess benefits, and irregular  payments.  At June 30, 
2022, the City’s proportion was 2.12% for the local pl an, which was an increase of .01% from June 30, 
2021, and 4.96% for the police and firemen plan, which was an increase of .13% from June 30, 2021. 
 City of Olathe, Kansas 
Notes to the Basic Financial Statements 
December 31, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
54 
 
Net Pension Liability 
 
As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the City repo rted a liability of $113,751,776 ($42,221,071 for local 
government employees and $71,530,705 for police and firemen) and $71,372,307 ($25,279,789 for local 
government employees and $46,092,518 for police and fi remen), respectively, for its proportionate share 
of the net pension liability. 
 
The total pension liability for KPERS in the December  31, 2021 actuarial valuation was determined using 
the following actuarial assumptions, applied to all periods included in the measurement:  
 
Price inflation
Salary increases, including wage increases
Long-term rate of return, net of investment 
   expense, and including price inflation
2.75%
3.50% to 12.00%, including inflation
7.00%
 
 
Mortality rates were based  on the RP 2014 Mortality Tables, with age setbacks and age set forwards as 
well as other adjustments based on different membersh ip groups. Future mortality improvements are 
anticipated using Scale MP-2016. 
 
The actuarial assumptions used in the December 31, 2021 valuation were based on the results of an 
actuarial experience study conducted for the th ree-year period beginning January 1, 2016. The 
experience study is dated January 7, 2020. 
 
The actuarial assumptions changes adopted by the Pension Plan for all groups based on the experience 
study were as follows: 
 
 Investment return assumption wa s lowered from 7.25% to 7.00%. 
 
The long-term expected rate of return on pension plan investments was determined using a building-block 
method in which best-estimate ranges of expected future  real rates of return (expected returns, net of 
pension plan investment expense and inflation) are dev eloped for each major asset class.  These ranges 
are combined to produce the long-term expected rate of return by weighting the expected future real rates 
of return by the target asset allocation percentage.  Be st estimates of arithmetic real rates of return for 
each major asset class  as of the most recent expe rience study dated January 7, 2020, as provided by 
KPERS’ investment consultant, are summarized in the following table:  
 
Asset Class
Target 
Allocation
Long-Term Expected 
Real Rate of Return
U.S. equities   23.50%    5.20%
Non-U.S. equities 23.50   6.40
Private equity   8.00 9.50
Private real estate 11.00 4.45
Yield driven   8.00 4.70
Real return 11.00 3.25
Fixed income 11.00 1.55
Short-term investments   4.00 0.25
    Total  100.00%
 
 
 
 City of Olathe, Kansas 
Notes to the Basic Financial Statements 
December 31, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
55 
 
Discount Rate 
 
The discount rate used by KPERS to measure the total pension liability at June 30, 2022 was 7.00%. The 
discount rate used to measure the total pension liab ility at the prior measurement date of June 30, 2021 
was 7.25%. The projection of cash flows used to determine the discount rate was based on member and 
employer contributions. The local employers do not necessarily contribute the full actuarial determined 
rate. Based on legislation passed in 1993 and subseq uent legislation, the employer contribution rates 
certified by the KPERS’ Board of Trustees for this group may not increase by more than the statutory cap. 
The statutory cap for the state fisca l year 2022 was 1.2%.  The local em ployers are currently contributing 
the full actuarial contribution rate.  Employers cont ribute the full actuarial determined rate for KP&F. The 
expected employer actuarial contribution rate was modeled for future years for these groups, assuming all 
actuarial assumptions are met in the future years. Based on those assumptions, the pension plan’s 
fiduciary net position was projected to be available to make all projected future benefit payments of 
current plan members. Therefore, the long-term expected rate of return on pension plan investments was 
applied to all periods of projected benefit payments to determine the total pension liability. 
 
Sensitivity of the City’s proportionate share of the collective net pension liability to changes in the discount 
rate. 
 
 The following presents the City’s pr oportionate share of t he collective net pensi on liability calculated 
using the discount rate of 7.00%, as well as what the City’s proportionate s hare of the collective net 
pension liability would be if it were calculated using a discount rate that is 1-percentage-point lower 
(6.00%) or 1-percentage-point higher (8.00%) than the current rate: 
 
1% Decrease (6.00%) Discount Rate (7.00%) 1% Increase (8.00%)
Local government 60,651,934$               42,221,071 $               26,865,486 $               
Police and Firemen 98,114,832                 71,530,705                  49,411,179                  
Total 158,766,766 $             113,751,776 $             76,276,665 $               
 
Pension Expense 
 
For the year ended December 31, 2022, the City  recognized  pension expense of $18,004,092 
($6,141,479 local government employees and $11,862,613 for police and firemen), which includes the 
changes in the collective net pension liability, pr ojected earning on pension pl an investments, and the 
amortization of deferred outflows of resources and deferred inflows of resources for the current period. 
 
Deferred Outflows of Resources and Deferred Inflows of Resources 
 
At December 31, 2022, the City reported deferred outflows of resources and deferred inflows of resources 
related to pensions from the following sources: 
 City of Olathe, Kansas 
Notes to the Basic Financial Statements 
December 31, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
56 
 
Deferred Deferred Deferred Deferred 
Outflows of Inflows of Outflows of Inflows of Total Total
Resources Resources Resources Resources Deferred Deferred 
Governmental Governmental Business Business Outflows of Inflows of
Activities Activities Type Type Resources Resources
Differences between actual and 
  expected experience 3,961,362 $             64,665 $                  671,085 $          11,014 $           4,632,447$       75,679 $           
Net differences  between projected
  and actual earnings on investments 7,254,317               -                               1,228,939         -                        8,483,256         -                        
Changes in assumptions 13,631,644              -                               2,309,308         -                        15,940,952       -                        
Changes in proportion 2,333,685                1,589,424                395,345             270,711            2,729,030         1,860,135         
Contributions after measurement date 5,123,469               -                               867,956            -                        5,991,425         -                        
Total 32,304,477 $           1,654,089 $             5,472,633 $       281,725 $         37,777,110$     1,935,814 $      
Contributions subsequent to the me asurement date will be recognized as  a reduction of the net pension 
liability in the subsequent year.  The remaining am ounts reported as deferred outflows of resources and 
deferred inflows of resources related to pensions will be recognized in pension expense as follows: 
 
Police and
Year Ended December 31: KPERS Firemen
2023 3,403,417 $     5,403,748 $     
2024 2,996,814        4,625,226        
2025 1,304,860        2,385,322        
2026 3,815,535        5,522,577        
2027 152,158           240,214           
Thereafter -                       -                       
Total 11,672,784 $   18,177,087 $   
 
11.  Commitments and Contingent Liabilities 
 
Reimbursable Developer’s Cost 
 
The City has pledged revenues (property tax and sales tax) from development areas to repay eligible 
developers’ costs associated with each project.  Thes e obligations represent redeveloper project costs 
that have been certified as eligible for reimbursem ent from the incremental taxes attributable to each 
project.  The City is only obligated for the amounts of incremental taxes received attributable to the 
projects.  Any deficiencies are the responsibility of the developer.  The remaining certified project costs to 
be repaid as of December 31, 2022 totaled $33,363,291. 
 
Encumbrances 
 
The City uses encumbrances to control expenditure commitments for the year and to enhance cash 
management.  Encumbrances represent commitments related to executory contracts not yet performed 
and purchaser orders not yet filled.  Commitments for such expenditure of monies are encumbered to 
reserve a portion of applicable appropriations.  En cumbrances still open at year-end are not accounted 
for as expenditures and liabilities, but rather, as re stricted, committed, or assi gned fund balance.  Listed 
below are the encumbrances in governmental funds for the City as of December 31, 2022. 
 City of Olathe, Kansas 
Notes to the Basic Financial Statements 
December 31, 2022 
57 
Total
Governmental
Funds
3,948,318$    
240,061         
General 
Nonmajor
Capital projects 46,898,567    
 Total encumbrances 51,086,946$  
Commitments 
As of Decem ber 31, 2022,
 uncompleted capital projec t authorizations compared with project costs from 
inception (excluding expenditures for general obligat ion notes, general obligation note interest, note and 
bond issuance costs and transfers of unused funds back to the funding source) were as follows: 
Costs - Project
Project Inception to 
Authorizations December 31, 2022
Street improvements 417,650,781$  225,964,198 $          
Citywide improvements 205,514,307    180,843,299           
Water and sewer lines 89,812,927      59,217,597            
712,978,015$  466,025,094$          
The City has entered into an agreement with Johnson County Indian Creek Middle Basin Main Sewer 
District No. 1 (the Sewer District ) for the transportation and treatment of sewage.  The agreement, which 
is effective for a period of 99 years from August 28, 1984, provides for the transportation of sewage to the 
county treatment plant and sets billing standards.  The City will be billed by the Sewer District for 
operation, and maintenance, and capital improvements costs in the same manner as other Sewer District 
users.  The City will then be responsible for allocating these costs to City property owners. 
The City has estimated the costs to be billed under the agreement for the next three years to be as 
follows: 
Operation and Capital
Maintenance Improvements Total
2023 3,420,594$          900,649 $         4,321,243 $        
2024 3,591,624            945,682      4,537,306          
2025 3,771,205            992,966     4,764,171          
Litigation 
There are cl
aims and/or lawsuits to which the City is  a party as a result of law enforcement activities, 
injuries and various other matters and complaints arisi ng in the ordinary course of City activities.  The 
City’s management and legal counsel anticipate that potential claims against the City not covered by 
insurance would not materially affect the financial position of the City. 
12. Risk Management
The City’s risk management activities are reported separately in an Internal Service Fund.  The City’s risk 
management activities cover both the primary reporting unit and discretely presented component unit, the 
Authority.  The insurance programs administered are property and various types of liability.  The City uses 
a commercial insurance program with various levels of coverage. City of Olathe, Kansas 
Notes to the Basic Financial Statements 
December 31, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
58 
 
The City has a deductible of $50,000 per occurrence for all property damage losses with the exception of 
windstorm/hail losses which has deductibles rangi ng from $50,000 to $100,000 per location. Liability 
deductibles are $25,000 per occurrence for auto liability, $25,000 per occurrence for general liability 
losses, $50,000 per occurrence for police liability loss es, and $50,000 per occurrence for public official 
liability and employment practices losses.  Property damage claims to City vehicles are subject to a 
$5,000 per vehicle deductible.  The City maintains a loss reserves fund for pending claims and for claims 
incurred, but not reported.  The City  believes that there is no potential  liability as of December 31, 2022 
which will exceed coverage and the funds reserved.  There were no significant reductions in insurance 
coverage during 2022.  No significant settlements in excess of insurance coverage have been paid in the 
last three years. 
 
Effective January 1, 1998, the Ci ty was granted a self-insured permit by the Kansas Workers’ 
Compensation Division.  The City had previously been a member of a self-insured pool for 11 years.  As a 
stand-alone workers’ compensation self-insured, the City  must comply with very strict procedural and 
funding standards monitored by the Kansas Workers’  Compensation Division.  The City has recorded a 
liability of $1,742,893 that represents the estimated futu re cost of claims made and claims incurred, but 
not reported at December 31, 2022.  All is consid ered due within one year and is included in accounts 
and claims payable in the Statement of Net Position. 
 
Changes in the balances of workers’ compensation cl aims liabilities during the past two years are as 
follows: 
Beginning   End of
of Year Additions Deletions Year
 
2021 789,450$         370,735 $      540,697 $       619,488 $       
2022 619,488           1,808,478      685,073          1,742,893        
 
Employee health and dental insurances are self-insured by the City.  The City has an accrued liability for 
various insurance claims payable including claims in curred, but not yet paid of  $1,168,800 at December 
31, 2022.  All is considered due within one year and is included in accounts and claims payable in the 
Statement of Net Position. 
 
Changes in the balances of health and dental insurance claims liabilities during the past two years are as 
follows: 
 
Beginning   End of
of Year Additions Deletions Year
 
2021 1,006,300$      16,535,916 $ 16,367,116 $  1,175,100 $    
2022 1,175,100        15,067,448    15,073,748     1,168,800        
 
The risk management claims payable are based on claims adjusters’ and management’s evaluations and 
a third party administrator’s review of experience with respect to the probable number and nature of 
claims arising from losses that have been incurred, but not reported.  The liability includes the estimated 
ultimate cost of settling the claims, including incremen tal costs, the effects of inflation and other societal 
and economic factors.  Other nonincremental costs are not included in the basis of estimating the liability. 
 
13.  Landfill Closure 
 
In October 1993, the City ceased landfill operations.  In 1994, the City sold $1,015,000 of Solid Waste 
Revenue Bonds to finance closure and postclosure costs of the landfill and to construct a transfer station 
for waste collection and distribution to a regional landfill. 
 City of Olathe, Kansas 
Notes to the Basic Financial Statements 
December 31, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
59 
 
The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), th rough the Kansas Department of Health and 
Environment, requires the former site to be capped.  This cap must be inspected for erosion, and the 
ground water samples must be tested annually.  In December 1995 the City obtained an environmental 
engineer study of the landfill to evaluate the ultima te postclosure liability in accordance with EPA 
regulations, state regulations and GASB Statement No. 18, Accounting for Municipal Solid Waste Landfill 
Closure and Solid Waste Enterprise Fund .  Based on the information from the study no liability has been 
accrued and postclosure care costs will be expensed as incurred.  The City will continue to evaluate the 
ultimate postclosure care cost annually.  In the event t hat a material liability is estimated, the City will 
accrue the liability at that financial  statement date.  Total current cost of landfill closure and postclosure 
care is an estimate and subject to changes resulting from inflation, deflation, technology, or changes in 
applicable laws or regulations. 
 
14.  Postemployment Benefits Other than Pension Benefits (OPEB) 
 
Plan Description 
 
The City’s health plan is self-funded.  The City has a single employer plan for retirees health benefit.  The 
benefit plan is authorized by Personnel Code Article III, Section 4 Group Insurance B and K.S.A. 12-5040.  
Retirees have the option to continue with the City plan and pay the monthly premium.  Retirees who retire 
under the KPERS requirements are eligible for benefits.  The City offers major medical health insurance, 
prescription coverage, and dental insurance.  The City’s OPEB liability is normally liquidated in the 
General Fund, the Water and Sewer Fund, and the Solid Waste Fund.  Retiree health coverage is 
provided for under Kansas Statute 12-5040.  
 
Retirees and spouses have the same benefits as active  employees.  Retiree coverage terminates either 
when the retiree becomes covered under another em ployer health plan or when the retiree reaches 
Medicare eligibility age which is currently age 65.  Spousal coverage is available until the retiree becomes 
covered under another employer health plan, attains Medicare eligibility age, or dies. 
 
Funding Policy 
 
The current plan is financed on a pay as you go basis .  The retirees pay the same premium established 
for active employees.  The City did not contribute to the plan.  The plan does not qualify as a trust. 
 
At January 1, 2022, the following employees were covered by the benefit terms: 
 
  
Governmental Business-type
Active employees 675                 199                  
Retirees and covered spouses 108                 18                    
783                217                  
 
The total OPEB liability of $31,665,136 was measured as of December 31, 2022 and was determined by 
an actuarial valuation as of January 1, 2022. 
 
The total OPEB liability in the December 31, 2022 actuarial valuation was determined using the following 
assumptions and other inputs, applied to all periods in the measurement, unless otherwise specified. 
 City of Olathe, Kansas 
Notes to the Basic Financial Statements 
December 31, 2022 
60 
Acturial cost method Entry age normal as a level percentage of payroll
Inflation 2.75%
Salary increase 3.50%
Discount rate 4.18%
Medical & Pharmacy: 7.00% for 2022,
Healthcare cost trend rate decreasing to an ultimate rate of 
4.50% for 2030 and later years
The di
scount rate was based on an index rate for S&P Municipal Bond 20-year High Grade and the 
Fidelity GO AA-20 Years indexes.   
Mortality rates were based on the Society of Act uaries Pub-2010 Public Reti rement Plans Headcount-
weighted General and Public Safety Mortality T ables using Scale MP-2021 Full Generational 
Improvement.   
Changes in the total OPEB liability are as follows: 
Total OPEB Liability - Beginning of Year 30,774,341$  
1. Ser
vice cost 1,535,344      
2. Inter
est cost 640,288         
3. Chan
ges in benefit terms -    
4. Dif
ferences between actual and expected experience 1,241,391      
5. Chan
ges in assumptions and inputs (680,228)       
6. Benef
it payments (Employer Contributions) 1,846,000      
Net Changes (1+2+3+4+5-6) 890,795         
Total OPEB Liability - End of Year 31,665,136$  
The followi
ng presents the total OPEB liability of the Ci ty, as well as what the City’s total OPEB liability 
would be if it were calculated using the discount rate  that is one percentage point lower (3.18% or one 
percentage point higher (5.18%) than the current discount rate. 
1% Decrease Discount Rate 1% Increase
3.18% 4.18% 5.18%
Total OPEB Liability 34,143,379$  31,665,136 $  29,389,283 $  
The followi
ng presents the total OPEB liability of the Ci ty, as well as what the City’s total OPEB liability 
would be if it were calculated using healthcare cost  trend rates that are one percentage point lower  or 
one percentage point higher than the current cost trend rate. 
Current Trend
1% Decrease Assumption 1% Increase
Total OPEB Liability 28,689,784$  31,665,136 $  35,138,617 $   
For the yea
r ended December 31, 2022, the City recognized OPEB expense of $2,544,679. 
Deferred Inflows of Resources.   
At December 31, 2022 the City reported deferred inflows related to OPEB from the following sources: City of Olathe, Kansas 
Notes to the Basic Financial Statements 
December 31, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
61 
 
Deferred Outflows Deferred Inflows Deferred Outflows Deferred Inflows
of Resources of Resources of Resources of Resources Total Total
Governmental Governmental Business Business Deferred Outflows Deferred Inflows
Activities Activities Type Type of Resources of Resources
Changes in Assumptions 2,247,943$            905,119 $            380,819 $               154,160 $            2,628,762 $            1,059,279 $         
Differences between expected 
and actual experience 1,931,080              738,908               327,141                  125,851               2,258,221               864,759               
Total 4,179,023 $            1,644,027 $         707,960 $               280,011 $            4,886,983 $            1,924,038 $         
 
Amounts reported as deferred inflows of resources will be recognized in OPEB expense as follows: 
 
    
Year Ended Deferred Outflow s
December 31, of Resources
2023 369,049 $          
2024 369,049             
2025 369,049             
2026 369,049             
2027 369,046             
2028 & thereafter 1,117,703         
2,962,945$       
 
15.  Other Postemployment Benefits – KPERS 
 
Plan Description 
 
The City participates in a cost-sharing, multiple -employer defined benefit other postemployment benefit 
(OPEB) plan (Plan) which is administered by the Kansas Public Employees Retirement System (KPERS).  
The Plan provides long-term disability benefits and a life insurance benefit for disabled members to 
KPERS members, as provided by K. S.A. 74-04927.  The Plan is admin istered through a trust held by 
KPERS that is funded to pay annual benefit payments.  However, because  the trust’s assets are used to 
pay employee benefits other than OPEB, the trust does  not meet the criteria in paragraph 4 of GASB 
Statement No. 75, Accounting and Financial Reporting for Postemployment Benefits Other Than 
Pensions. Accordingly, the Plan is considered to be administered on a pay-as-you-go basis. 
Benefits 
 
Benefits are established by statute and may be amended by th e KPERS Board of Tr ustees. The Plan 
provides long-term disability benefits equal to 60% (prior to January 1, 2006, 66 2/3%) of annual 
compensation, offset by other benefits. Members receiving long-term disability benefits also receive credit 
towards their KPERS retirement benefits and have t heir group life insurance coverage continued under 
the waiver premium provision. 
 
Long-term disability benefit:  Monthly benefit is 60% of the mem ber’s monthly compensation, with a 
minimum of $100 and maximum of $5,000. The monthly ben efit is subject to reduction by deductible 
sources of income, which include Social Security pr imary disability or retirement benefits, worker’s 
compensation benefits, other disability benefits from any other source by reason of employment, and 
earnings from any form of employment. If the dis ability begins before age 60, benefits are payable while 
disability continues until the member’s 65 th birthday or retirement date, whichever occurs first. If the 
disability occurs after age 60, benefits are payable while  disability continues, for a period of 5 years or 
until the member retires, whichever occurs first. Benefit payments for di sabilities caused or contributed to 
by substance abuse or non-biologically based mental ill nesses are limited to the term of the disability or 
24 months per lifetime, whichever is less. There ar e no automatic cost-of-living increase provisions. 
KPERS has the authority to implement an ad hoc cost-of living increase. 
 City of Olathe, Kansas 
Notes to the Basic Financial Statements 
December 31, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
62 
 
Group life waiver of premium benefit:  Upon the death of an employee who is receiving monthly disability 
benefits, the Plan will pay a lump-sum benefit to eligible beneficiaries. The benefit amount will be 150% of 
the greater of the member’s annual  rate of compensation at the time  of disability or the member’s 
previous 12 months of compensation at the time of  the last date on payroll. If the member has been 
disabled for 5 or more years, the annual compensation or salary rate at the time of death will be indexed 
using the consumer price before the life insuranc e benefit is computed. The indexing is based on the 
consumer price index, less one percentage point, to compute the death benefit. If a member is diagnosed 
as terminally ill with a life expectan cy of 12 months or less, the member  may be eligible to receive up to 
100% of the death benefit rather than having the benef it paid to the beneficiary. If a member retires or 
disability benefits end, the member may convert the group life insurance coverage to an individual life 
insurance policy. 
 
Employees covered by benefit terms. At December 31, 2022, the following employees were covered by 
the benefit terms:  
 
  
Active employees 642                 
Disabled members 15                   
657                
 
Total OPEB Liability 
 
The City’s total KPERS OPEB liability of $1,390,359 reported as of December 31, 2022 was measured as 
of June 30, 2022 and was determined by an actuarial valuation as of December 31, 2021, which was 
rolled forward to June 30, 2022 using the following actuarial assumptions: 
 
Price inflation
Payroll growth
Salary increases, including inflation
Discount rate 3.54%
Healthcare cost trend rates
Retiree share of benefit cost
2.75%
3.50 to 10%, including price inflation
3.00%
Not applicable for the coverage in this plan
Not applicable for the coverage in this plan  
 
The discount rate was based on the Bond Buyer General Obligation 20-Bond Municipal Index. 
 
Mortality rates were based on the RP-2014 Mortality tabl es, as appropriate, with adjustment for mortality 
improvements based on Scale MP-2021. 
 
The actuarial assumptions used in the June 30, 2022 valuation were based on an actuarial experience for 
the three-year period beginning January 1, 2016. Other demographic assumptions are set to be 
consistent with the actuarial assumptions reflected in the December 31, 2021 KPERS pension valuation. 
 
   
Total OPEB Liability - Beginning of Year 2,184,233 $    
Service cost 180,873          
Interest cost 48,835            
Effect of economic/demographic gains or losses (502,039)        
Effect of assumptions changes or inputs (311,978)        
Benefit payments (Employer Contributions) (209,565)        
Net Changes (793,874)        
Total OPEB Liability - End of Year 1,390,359 $    
 City of Olathe, Kansas 
Notes to the Basic Financial Statements 
December 31, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
63 
 
Sensitivity of the total KPERS OPEB liability to changes in the discount rate 
 
The following presents the total KPERS OPEB liability of the City, as well as what the City’s total KPERS 
OPEB liability would be if it were calculated using a discount rate that is 1 percentage point lower (2.54%) 
or 1 percentage point higher (4.54%) than the current discount rate.   
 
  
1% Decrease Discount Rate 1% Increase
2.54% 3.54% 4.54%
Total OPEB Liability 1,446,149$    1,390,359 $    1,334,435 $    
 
Sensitivity of the total KPERS OPEB liability to changes in the healthcare cost trend rates 
 
The following presents the total KPERS OPEB liability of the City calculated using the current healthcare 
cost trend rates as well as what the City’s total KPER S OPEB liability would be if it were calculated using 
trend rates that are 1 percentage point lower or 1 perc entage point higher than the current trend rates.  
The reader should note that healthcare trend rates do not affect the liabilities related to the long-term 
disability benefits spon sored by KPERS, but this exhibit is provid ed as it is a require d disclosure under 
GASB 75. 
  
Healthcare Cost
1% Decrease Trend Rates 1% Increase
Total OPEB Liability 1,390,359$    1,390,359 $     1,390,359 $    
 
For the year ended December 31, 2022, the City recogniz ed OPEB expense of $175,641 and an 
aggregate amount of OPEB expense for all plans of $2,720,320. 
 
Deferred Outflows of Resources and Deferred Inflows of Resources 
 
At December 31, 2022, the City reported deferred inflows and outfl ows related to OPEB from the 
following sources: 
  
Deferred Outflows Deferred Inflows Deferred Outflows Deferred Inflows
of Resources of Resources of Resources of Resources Total Total
Governmental Governmental Business Business Deferred Outflows Deferred Inflows
Activities Activities Type Type of Resources of Resources
Changes in assumptions 105,926 $               270,976 $            17,944 $                 46,153 $              123,870 $               317,129 $            
Differences between expected 
and actual experience 249,603                  580,746               42,286                    98,912                 291,889                  679,658               
Total 355,529 $               851,722 $            60,230 $                 145,065 $            415,759 $               996,787 $            
 
Amounts reported as deferred outflows of resources and deferred inflows of resources related to 
pensions will be recognized in pension expense as follows: 
 
    
Year Ended Deferred (Inflows)
December 31, Outflows Amount
2023 (54,066) $          
2024 (54,066)             
2025 (54,066)             
2026 (51,920)             
2027 (43,465)             
2028 & thereafter (323,445)          
(581,028)$        
 City of Olathe, Kansas 
Notes to the Basic Financial Statements 
December 31, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
64 
 
16.  Tax Abatements 
 
Property Tax Abatements 
 
The City provides property tax abatements pursuant to and subject to the terms of Section 13 of Article 11 
of the Kansas Constitution or K.S.A. 12-1740 et seq. and 79-201a. (“Econom ic Development Revenue 
Bond Act” (EDRB Act)).  The purpose of the EDRB Ac t is to promote, stimulate, and develop the general 
welfare and economic prosperity of t he State of Kansas.  Cities are aut horized by the EDRB Act to issue 
economic development revenue bonds, the proceeds of which shall be used for paying all or part of the 
cost of purchasing, acquiring, cons tructing, reconstructing, improving,  equipping, furnishing, repairing, 
enlarging, or remodeling facilities for agricultural, co mmercial, hospital, industr ial, natural resources, 
recreational development and manufacturing purposes.  The EDRB Act defines the term facility to include 
a site and the necessary site preparation, stru ctures, easements, rights-of-way, and appurtenances 
necessary and convenient to the facility being financed.  
  
Property tax abatements are authorized by and subjec t to the terms of K.S.A. 79-201a, which provides 
that facilities financed pursuant to the EDRB Ac t are, upon issuance of the economic development 
revenue bonds (EDRBs), exempt from real property ta xation for a period of ten calendar years after the 
calendar year in which the revenue bonds are issued.  Pursuant to the EDRB Act the City may execute 
agreements which may provide for payment in lieu of  taxes and provide for an origination fee and for the 
actual costs of administering and supervising the bond issue. 
 
Issuance of EDRBs and appr oval of tax abatements are also subj ect to City Resolution No. 16-1003, 
establishing policies relating to industrial revenue bonds and property tax abatements.  Resolution No. 
16-1003 recognizes that it is essential to stimulat e economic growth and development for industries and 
businesses to provide services, employment, and ta x revenues for the benefit of the community. The 
Governing Body intends that all projects receiving property tax abatement meet the criteria that are 
detailed below. 
 
a. Employment – Wages:  The amount and di versity of additional employment opportunities 
which would be provided shall be a primary cons ideration.  The City expects all projects 
which receive a property tax abatement to pr oduce a high quantity of jobs and or pay above 
average wages. 
 
b. Design Criteria:  The City will, at its sole di scretion, require higher design standards for the 
design of building and material used for projects  receiving property tax abatement.  Projects 
shall utilize construction material that meet or  exceed the requirement set forth in the design 
guidelines as provided by the City’s Planning Services Division. The project must be 
environmentally acceptable to the location intended as well as the surrounding area.  
c. Compatibility with Adopted City Plans:  All pr ojects shall be consistent with the City’s 
Comprehensive Plan, any applicable corridor plans, and other plans of the City which may be 
relevant to the project.  When evaluating propos ed projects, the City will consider a variety of 
factors to determine compliance, including compat ibility of the location of the business with 
the land use and development plans of the City an d the availability of existing infrastructure 
facilities and the essential public services. 
The City will consider granting tax exemption incentives  upon factual showing of direct economic benefit 
to the City through advancement of its economic de velopment goals, including the creation of additional 
jobs and the stimulation of additional private investm ent.  Before a tax exemption incentive is granted, a 
cost-benefit analysis report examining the costs and benefits to the public of the proposed tax exemption 
incentive is prepared.  In addition, the City provides a public hearing notice and the City Council conducts City of Olathe, Kansas 
Notes to the Basic Financial Statements 
December 31, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
65 
 
a public hearing to consider the abatement.  Any ta x exemption granted pursuant to Resolution No. 16-
1003 shall be accompanied by a performance agreement which is subject to annual review and 
determination by the Governing Body that the co nditions qualifying the business for the exemption 
continue to exist.  If the Governing Body finds the business is not in compliance, then the tax exemption 
may be modified pursuant to the performant agreement  or eliminated as the Governing Body deems 
appropriate.   
 
For the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022, the Ci ty abated ad valorem property taxes.  Listed below 
are projects that individually exceed 5% of the City ’s total amount abated.  The projects listed total over 
89% of the total abatement amount. 
 
Project Name I-35 Logistics Park - Building C
Project Description Warehouse
Approved Abatement 50% of ad valorem property taxes
2022 amount $100,603
Additional Commitment N/A 
Project Name Himoinsa Power Systems, Inc
Project Description Information services and data processing
Approved Abatement 50% of ad valorem property taxes
2022 amount $106,182
Additional Commitment N/A 
Project Name Garmin Realty, LLC
Project Description Warehouse
Approved Abatement 75% of ad valorem property taxes
2022 amount $665,493
Additional Commitment N/A 
 
 
 City of Olathe, Kansas 
Notes to the Basic Financial Statements 
December 31, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
66 
 
Project Name I-35 Logistics Park - Building B
Project Description Warehouse
Approved Abatement 50% of ad valorem property taxes
2022 amount $140,501
Additional Commitment N/A 
Project Name Lineage  Logistics, LLC
Project Description Warehouse
Approved Abatement 50%  of ad valorem property taxes
2022 amount $83,187
Additional Commitment N/A  
Project Name Milhaus  Properties, LLC
Project Description Warehouse
Approved Abatement 100%  of ad valorem property taxes
2022 amount $227,902
Additional Commitment N/A  
Project Name Lone  Elm 716
Project Description Warehouse
Approved Abatement 50%  of ad valorem property taxes
2022 amount $131,411
Additional Commitment N/A    
 
Tax Increment Financing 
 
The City provides tax increment financing (TIF) for projects pursuant to and subject to the terms of K.S.A. 
12-1770 (TIF Act).  The TIF Act authorizes the City to assist in the development and redevelopment of 
eligible areas within the City to promote, stimul ate, and develop the general and economic welfare of the 
State of Kansas and its communities.  The Governing B ody recognizes that tax increment financing is an 
appropriate tool to utilize to provide services, empl oyment, and tax revenues for the benefit of the 
community. 
 
The TIF Act authorizes the City to apply the incremental increase in ad valorem property tax and other tax 
revenues to reimburse eligible project expenses.  The increment increase is from a base established 
upon creation of a redevelopment district.  The tax increment may be used to finance certain projects 
expenditures which are defined in the TIF Act.  Tax increment revenues are available for a period of 
twenty years from the date of approval of a TIF project plan. 
 
Approval of TIF financing is also subject to City Re solution No. 15-1089 which provides that the City will 
consider use of a TIF when a project meets the re quirement of the TIF Act and which demonstrate a 
substantial and significant public benefit by constr ucting public improvement, in support of development 
that will, by  creating new jobs and retaining ex isting employment, eliminate blight, strengthen the 
employment and economic base of the city, increase property values and tax revenues, reduce poverty, 
create economic stability, upgrade older neighborhoods,  facilitate economic self-sufficiency, promote 
projects that are of community wide importance, and implement the Comprehensive Plan and economic 
development goals of the City. City of Olathe, Kansas 
Notes to the Basic Financial Statements 
December 31, 2022 
67 
The TIF Act and Resolution No. 15-1089 require creation of a redevelopment district (District).  The 
Distri
ct can only be established after completion of an eligibility study (as defined in the TIF Act), 
providing notice of and conducting a public hearing, a nd a finding by the Governing Body that the area of 
the proposed District meets criteria outlined in the TIF Act. 
Authorization of eligible TIF project expenditures is accomplished through the adoption of a Project Plan. 
A Project Plan can only be established after completi on of a feasibility study, providing notice of and 
conducting a public hearing on the Project Plan, and approval by the Governing Body.  Additionally, all 
Project Plans approved by the City are subject to  a development agreement between the City and the 
developer of the TIF.  All developm ent agreements entered by the City include performance milestones 
and provisions assuring that the redevelopment project is delivered as represented.   
For the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022, the Ci ty applied incremental revenues to TIF projects as 
follows: 
Project Name Olathe Gateway
Project Description Development of shopping area / entertainment district anchored by Bass Pro.
Approved TIF 100% Ad valorem property tax increment and 100% incremental sales tax
2022 amount $849,401
Project Commitment Development of shopping area / entertainment district
Additional Commitment N/A
Project Name West Village 
Project Description Development of shopping area anchored by Wal-Mart.
Approved TIF 100% Ad valorem property tax increment and incremental sales tax
2022 amount $1,046,628
Project Commitment Development of shopping area 
Additional Commitment N/A
Project Name Santa Fe and Ridgeview
Project Description Redevelopment of shopping area anchored by Sutherland’s.
Approved TIF 100% Ad valorem property tax increment and 50% incremental sales tax
2022 amount $104,445
Project Commitment Redevelopment of shopping area 
Additional Commitment N/A
Project Name Heritage Crossing
Project Description Development of shopping area.
Approved TIF 100% Ad valorem property tax increment and 50% incremental sales tax.
2022 amount $55,909
Project Commitment Development of shopping area City of Olathe, Kansas 
Notes to the Basic Financial Statements 
December 31, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
68 
 
Project Name Heart of America / Hilton Garden Inn
Project Description Development of Hilton Garden Inn hotel
Approved TIF 100% Ad valorem property tax increment and 100% incremental sales tax
2022 amount $260,888
Project Commitment Development of hotel
Additional Commitment N/A
Project Name Ancona Honda
Project Description Redevelopment of car dealership
Approved TIF 100% Ad valorem property tax increment
2022 amount $38,488
Project Commitment Redevelopment of car dealership
Additional Commitment N/A
Project Name Heart of America / Conference Center & Hotel
Project Description Development of conference center and Embassy Suites Hotel
Approved TIF 100% Ad valorem property tax, 100% incremental sales tax, and 100% 
incremental transient guest tax
2022 amount $1,194,117
Project Commitment Development of convention center and hotel.
Additional Commitment N/A
Project Name Ridgeview  Soccer Complex
Project Description Development  of soccer complex
Approved TIF 100%  Ad valorem property tax, 100% incremental sales tax, and 100% incre
2022 amount $749,109
Project Commitment Development  of soccer complex.
Additional Commitment N/A  
 
As of December 31, 2022, there were 50 issues  of industrial revenue and multi-housing bonds 
outstanding.  Outstanding issues had an aggregate outstanding amount totaling $835,847,574 and a total 
assessed valuation of $153,764,473. 
 
17.  Component Unit Condensed Financial Statements and Restatement of Net Position 
 
The City has one discretely presented component unit  – Olathe Housing Authority. Listed below are 
condensed financial statements for the component unit.  
 City of Olathe, Kansas 
Notes to the Basic Financial Statements 
December 31, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
69 
 
Olathe
Public Housing
Authority
Total assets 3,002,505 $          
Total liabilities and deferred inflows 348,146                
Net Position 2,654,359 $          
Expenses 5,359,019 $          
Program revenues 5,144,580             
Net program revenues (214,439)               
Other general revenues 579                       
Change in net position (213,860)               
Beginning net position, restated 2,868,219             
Ending net position 2,654,359 $          
 
18.  Pending GASB Statements 
 
As of the date of the audit repor t, the Government Accounting Standa rds Board (GASB) has issued the 
following statements not yet implemented by the City: 
 
GASB Statement No. 93, Replacement of Interbank Offered Rates , provides guidance where some 
governments have entered into agreements in which va riable payments made or received depend on an 
interbank offered rate (IBOR), most notably, the Lo ndon Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR). As a result of 
global reference rate reform, LIBOR is expected to ceas e to exist in its current form at the end of 2021, 
prompting governments to amend or replace financial  instruments for the purpose of replacing LIBOR 
with other reference rates, by either changing the reference rate or adding or changing fallback provisions 
related to the reference rate.  The provisions of this statement were originally effective for the City’s fiscal 
year ending December 31, 2022 an d now postponed until December 31, 2023 per GASB Statement No. 
95. 
 
GASB Statement No. 94, Public-Private and Public-Public Pa rtnerships and Availability Payment 
Arrangements, improves financial reporting by addressing issues related to public-private and public-
public partnership arrangements (PPPs). A PPP is an arrangement in wh ich a government contracts with 
an operator to provide public services by conveying control of the right to operate or use a nonfinancial 
asset, such as infrastructure or  other capital asset, for a period of time in an exchange or exchange-like 
transaction. This statement also  provides guidance for ac counting and financial r eporting for availability 
payment arrangements (APAs), which is  an arrangement in which a government compensates an 
operator for services that may include designing,  constructing, financing, maintaining, or operating an 
underlying nonfinancial asset for a period of time in an  exchange or exchange-like transaction. The 
provisions of this statement are effective for the City’s fiscal year ending December 31, 2023. 
 
GASB Statement No. 96, Subscription-Based Information Technology Arrangements , provides new 
accounting and financial reporting guidance for subs cription-based information technology arrangements 
(SBITAs), which have become increasingly common among state and local governments in recent years. 
Statement 96 is based on the standa rds established in Statement 87, Leases. The new defines a SBITA 
as a contract that conveys contro l of the right to use a SBITA vendor’s IT software, alone or in 
combination with tangible capital assets (the underlying IT assets), as specified in the contract for a 
period of time in an exchange or exchange-like tran saction. The guidance requires governments with 
SBITAs to recognize a right-to-use subscription  asset, an intangible asset, and a corresponding 
subscription liability (with an exception for short-term  SBITAs, those with a maximum possible term of 12 City of Olathe, Kansas 
Notes to the Basic Financial Statements 
December 31, 2022 
70 
months) and provides guidance related to out la ys other than subscription payments, including 
implementation costs, and requirements for note disclos ures related to a SBITA. The provisions of this 
statement will be effective for the City’s fiscal year ending December 31, 2023. 
GASB Statement No. 99, Omnibus 2022 , enhances comparabilit y in accounting and financial reporting 
and improves the consistency of authoritative literat ure by addressing practice issues that have been 
identified during implementation and application of certain GASB Statements. This statement addresses a 
variety of topics including: 1) classification and repo rting of derivative instru ments within the scope of 
Statement No. 53 that do not meet t he definition of either an investm ent derivative instrument or a 
hedging derivative instrument; 2) clarification of certain provisions in Statement No. 87, Statement No. 94 
and Statement No. 96; 3) extension of the period during which the London Interbank offered Rate 
(LIBOR) is considered an appropriate benchmark interest rate of the qualitative evaluation of the 
effectiveness of an interest rate swap that hedges the interest rate risk of taxable debt; 4) accounting for 
the distribution of benefits as part  of the Supplemental Nutrition A ssistance Program; 5) disclosures 
related to nonmonetary transactions; 6) pledges of future revenues when resources are not received by 
the pledging government; 7) clarification of provisions in Statement No 34 related to the focus of the 
government-wide financial statements; terminology updates related to certain provisions of Statement No. 
63; and 8) terminology used in Statement No. 53 to re fer to resource flows statements. The provisions of 
this statement for items 1 and 2 are effective for fi nancial statements for the City’s fiscal year ending 
December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively.  All other provisions of this statement are 
effective upon issuance. 
GASB statement No. 100, Accounting Changes and Error Corrections, enhances accounting and financial 
reporting requirements for accounting changes and error corrections to provide more understandable, 
reliable, relevant, consistent and comparable information for making decisions or assessing 
accountability. This statement defines accounting changes as changes in accounting principles, changes 
in accounting estimates and changes to or within t he financial reporting entity. This statement also 
addresses corrections of errors in previously issued financial statements. This statement prescribes the 
accounting and financial reporting for each type of accounting change and error corrections. This 
statement requires that c hanges in accounting principles and error corrections be reported retroactively 
by restating prior periods, changes to or within th e financial reporting entity be reported by adjusting 
beginning balances of the current period, and changes in accounting estimates be reported prospectively 
by recognizing the change in the current period. This  statement also requires disclosure in the notes to 
the financial statements of descriptive informati on about accounting changes and error corrections. 
Furthermore, this statement addresses how information that is affected by a change in accounting 
principle or error correction should be presen ted in required supplementary information and 
supplementary information. The provisions of this st atement are effective for financial statements for the 
City's fiscal year ending December 31, 2024. 
GASB Statement No. 101, Compensated Absences, better meets the informat ion needs of financial 
statement users by updating the recognition and measurement guidance for compensated absences. 
This is achieved by aligning the recognition and measurement guidance under a unified model and by 
amending certain previously required disclosures. The provisions of this statement are effective for 
financial statements for the City’s fiscal year ending December 31, 2024. _ OLATHE K AN SA S$
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 Required 
Supplementary Information
Required
Supplementary InformationTotal OPEB liability 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
Service cost 139,313 $       140,465 $       155,392 $       125,456 $       180,873 $       
Interest 75,802            73,863            80,360            54,470            48,835            
Benefit payments (employer contributions) (187,461)         (398,213)         (222,707)         (227,277)         (209,565)         
Economic/demographic gains or losses (109,329)         435,014          41,575            (224,839)        (502,039)         
Changes in assumptions (23,958)           34,566            146,643          4,128              (311,978)        
Net change in total OPEB liability (105,633)         285,695          201,263          (268,062)         (793,874)         
Total OPEB liability - beginning of year 2,070,970       1,965,337       2,251,032       2,452,295       2,184,233       
 Total OPEB liability - end of yea r 1,965,337$    2,251,032 $    2,452,295 $    2,184,233 $    1,390,359 $    
Covered-employee payroll 34,666,148 $  37,224,241 $  37,224,241 $  38,657,315 $  39,809,115 $  
Total OPEB liability as a percentage of covered payroll 5.67% 6.05% 6.59% 5.65% 3.49%
Discount Rate 3.50% 3.87% 2.21% 2.16% 3.54%
* Data became available with the inception of GASB 75 
   during fiscal year 2018, therefore 10 years of data is 
   unavailable.
There are no assets accumulated in the trust to pay related benefits.
City of Olathe, Kansas
Required Supplementary Information
KPERS Other Postemployment Benefits
Schedule of Changes in the City's KPERS OPEB Total Liability and Related Ratios
Last Five Fiscal Years*
71Total OPEB liability 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
Service cost 1,102,462 $    1,014,753 $    1,175,257 $    1,350,079 $    1,535,344 $    
Interest 903,255          972,026          832,733          571,150          640,288          
Benefit payments (employer contributions) (1,711,000)      (1,734,000)      (1,634,000)      (1,657,000)      (1,846,000)      
Difference between expected and actual experience (280,939)         (233,731)         (834,359)         1,426,211       1,241,391       
Changes in assumptions (894,144)         1,801,506       1,679,612       465,165          (680,228)         
Changes in benefit terms (484,927)         (687,045)         -  
- 
- 
Net change in total O
PEB liability (1,365,293)     1,133,509      1,219,243      2,155,605      890,795         
Total OPEB liability - beginning of year 27,631,277    26,265,984    27,399,493    28,618,736    30,774,341    
Total OPEB liability - end of year 26,265,984$  27,399,493 $  28,618,736 $  30,774,341 $  31,665,136 $  
Covered-employee payroll 53,013,812 $  53,013,812 $  56,238,165 $  56,238,165 $  59,658,653 $  
Total OPEB liability as a percentage of covered payroll 49.55% 51.68% 50.89% 54.72% 53.08%
Discount Rate 3.68% 3.00% 1.96% 2.04% 4.18%
* Data became available with the inception of GASB 75 
during fiscal y
ear 2018, therefore 10 years of data is 
unavailable.
T
here are no assets accumulated in the trust to pay related benefits.
Last Five Fiscal Years*
City of Olathe, Kansas
Required Supplementary Information
Other Postemployment Benefits
Schedule of Changes in the City's Total OPEB Liability and Related Ratios
72Local Government 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
Proportion of the Net Pension Liab ility 1.878112% 1.936294% 1.938338% 1.997006% 2.092001% 2.156684% 2.210272% 2.106726% 2.123749%
Proportionate share of the net pension liab ility 23, 155,815$ 25,424,394 $ 29,986,662 $ 28,925,745 $ 29,158,100 $ 30,136,906 $ 38,318,469 $ 25,279,789 $ 42,221,071 $ 
Covered payroll 34,408,016   35,530,007   33,922,111   36,032,058   41,149,580   40,039,507   40,408,036   40,899,942   46,325,204   
Proportionate share of the net pension liab ility
  as a percentage of covered payroll 67.30% 71.56% 88.40% 80.28% 70.86% 75.27% 94.83% 61.81% 91.14%
Plan fiduciary net position as a percentage of 
  total pension liability 66.60% 64.95% 65.09% 67.12% 68.88% 69.88% 66.30% 76.40% 69.75%
Police and Firemen 2015 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
Proportion of the Net Pension Liab ility 4.500889% 4.660566% 4.546739% 4.510839% 4.819524% 4.849212% 4.874002% 4.830263% 4.959723%
Proportionate share of the net pension liab ility 29, 829,218$ 33,841,190 $ 42,228,453 $ 42,302,210 $ 46,373,540 $ 49,079,872 $ 60,103,119 $ 46,092,518 $ 71,530,705 $ 
Covered payroll 22,291,450   23,177,996   23,547,099   24,530,506   26,495,886   26,765,111   27,391,157   26,777,115   32,391,622   
Proportionate share of the net pension liab ility
  as a percentage of covered payroll 133.81% 146.01% 179.34% 172.45% 175.02% 18 3.37% 219.43% 172.13% 220.83%
Plan fiduciary net position as a percentage of 
  total pension liability 66.60% 64.95% 65.09% 67.12% 68.88% 69.88% 66.30% 76.40% 69.75%
Note:  Due to the City's implenting GASB 68, only eight years of information is available.
City of Olathe, Kansas
Required Supplementary Information
Schedule of Net Pension Liability
Kansas Employees' Retirement System
Last Nine Fiscal Years
73Local Government 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
Required contribution 2,590,522$     2,961,053$     3,100,570$     3,123,646$     3,154,582$     3,445,055$     3,652,057$        3,764,469$        3,917,855$        
Contribution in relation to required contribution 2,590,522       2,961,053       3,100,570       3,123,646       3,154,582       3,445,055       3,652,057          3,764,469          3,917,855          
Contribution deficiency -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  
Covered payroll 34,764,813     35,723,597     34,689,897     36,369,668     41,613,279     40,039,507     40,408,036        42,440,457        44,020,836        
Contributions as a percentage of covered
  payroll 7.45% 8.29% 8.94% 8.59% 7.58% 8.60% 9.04% 8.87% 8.90%
Police and Firemen 2015 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
Required contribution 3,764,718$     4,378,971$     4,515,855$     4,446,415$     4,794,549$     5,481,040$     5,898,976$        6,539,274$        7,031,807$        
Contribution in relation to required contribution 3,764,718       4,378,971       4,515,855       4,446,415       4,794,549       5,481,040       5,898,976          6,539,274          7,031,807          
Contribution deficiency -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  
Covered payroll 22,752,844     23,380,484     23,644,300     25,055,519     27,234,594     26,765,111     27,391,157        28,681,025        30,586,375        
Contributions as a percentage of covered
  payroll 16.55% 18.73% 19.10% 17.75% 17.60% 20.48% 21.54% 22.80% 22.99%
Note:  Due to the city's implenting GASB 68, only nine years of information is available.
City of Olathe, Kansas
Required Supplementary Information
Schedule of Agency Contributions
Kansas Employees' Retirement System
Last Seven Nine Years
7475 
City of Olathe, Kansas 
Required Supplementary Information 
Notes to Required Supplementary Information 
December 31, 2022 
Changes in benefit terms for KPERS.  
In the state fiscal year 2014, the KP&F group had a change in benefit terms. The Legislature 
increased this group’s employee contributions to 7.15 percent and eliminated the reduction of 
employee contributions to 2.0 percent after 32 years of servic e. In addition, the maximum 
retirement benefit increased to 90 percent of final average salary (reached at 36 years of service). 
Before this change the maximum retirement benefit was limited to 80 percent of final average 
salary (reached at 32 years of service). 
Effective January 1, 2014, KPERS 1 member’s em ployee contribution rate increased to 5.0 
percent and then on January 1, 2015, increase to 6.0 percent, with an increase in benefit multiplier 
to 1.85 percent for future years of service. For KPERS 2 members retired after July 1, 2012, the 
cost of living adjustment (COLA) is eliminated, but members will receive a 1.85 percent multiplier 
for all years of service.  
January 1, 2015, the KPERS 3 cash balance plan became effective. Members enrolled in this 
plan are ones first employed in a KPERS covered position on or after January 1, 2015, or 
KPERS  1 or KPERS 2 members who left employ
ment before vesting and returned to employment 
on or after January 1, 2015. The retirement benefit is  an annuity based on the account balanc e 
at retirement. 
For the state fiscal y ear 2017, the KP&F group had a change in benefit terms.  The Legislature 
changed the duty-related death benefit for KP&F members to the greater of 50% of Final Average 
Salary and member’s accrued retirement benefit under the 100% joint and survivor option, 
payable to the member’s spouse. Including any benefits that may be due to child beneficiaries, 
the total monthly benefits may not exceed 90% of the member’s  Final Average Salary. Prior to 
this bill, the duty-related spousal death benefit for KP&F member was 50% of the Final Average 
Salary, and the maximum available to the family was 75% of the member’s Final Average Salary. 
For the state fiscal y ear 2017, the Legislature changed the working after retirement rules for 
members who retire on or after January 1, 2018. The key changes to the working after retirement 
rules were to lengthen the waiting period for KPERS members to return to work from 60 days to 
180 days for members who retire before attaining age 62, remov e the earnings limitation for all 
retirees and establish a single-employer contribution schedule for all retirees.  
For the state fiscal year 2021, the Legislature provided an increased benefit for disabled members 
who pass away prior to retirement if the disability was service-connec ted. The monthly benefit is 
equal to 50% of the member’s final average salary at disability plus 10% for each dependent child 
up to a maximum of 75% or the retirement benefit the member would have received if the member 
had retired on the date of death if there are no dependent children. 
Changes in assumptions for KPERS. 
As a result of the experience s tudy completed in November 2016, there were several changes 
made to the actuarial assumptions and methods since the prior valuation. The changes that 
impact all groups were effective December 31, 2016 and include: City of Olathe, Kansas 
Required Supplementary Information 
Notes to Required Supplementary Information 
December 31, 2022 
76 
 The price inflation assumption was lowered from 3.00% to 2.75%.
 The investment return assumption was lowered from 8.00% to 7.75%.
 The general wage growth assumption was lowered from 4.00% to 3.50%.
 The payroll growth assumption was lowered from 4.00% to 3.00%.
Changes from the November 2016 experience study that impacted individual groups are listed 
below: 
KPERS: 
 The post-retirement healthy mortality assumption was changed to the RP-2014 Mortality
Table, with adjustments to better fit the observed experience for the various KPERS
groups. The most recent mortality improvement scale, MP-2016, is used to anticipate
future mortality improvements in the valuation process through the next experience study.
 The active member mortality assumption was modified to also be based on the RP-2014
Employee Mortality Table with adjustments.
 The retirement rates for the select period (when first eligible for unreduced benefits under
Rule of 85) were increased, but all other retirement rates were decreased.
 Disability rates were decreased for all three groups.
 The termination of employment assumption was increased for all three groups.
 The interest crediting rate assumption for KPERS 3 members was lowered from 6.50% to
6.25%.
KP&F: 
 The post-retirement healthy mortality assumption was changed to the RP-2014 Mortality
Table with 1-year age set forward and the MP-2016, is used to anticipate future mortality
improvements.
 The mortality assumption for disabled members was changed to the RP-2014 Disabled
Lives Table (generational using MP-2016) with a 1-year age set forward.
 The active member mortality assumption was modified to the RP-2014 Employee Mortality
Table with a 1-year age set forward with a 90% scaling factor.
 The retirement rates for Tier 1 were lowered and the ultimate assumed retirement age
was changed from 63 to 65 for Tier 2.
 The termination of employment rates for Tier 2 were increased to better match the
observed experience.
As a result of the experience study completed in January 2020, there were several changes made 
to the actuarial assumptions and methods since the prior valuation. The changes that impact all 
groups were effective December 31, 2019 and include: 
 The investment return assumption was lowered from 7.75% to 7.50%.
 The general wage growth assumption was lowered from 3.50% to 3.25%.
 The payroll growth assumption was lowered from 3.00% to 2.75%.
Changes from the January 2020 experience study that impacted individual groups are listed 
below:City of Olathe, Kansas 
Required Supplementary Information 
Notes to Required Supplementary Information 
December 31, 2022 
77 
KPERS: 
 Retirement rates were adjusted to partially reflect observed experience.
 Termination rates were increased for most KPERS groups.
 Disability rates were reduced.
 Factors for the state group that are used to anticipate higher liabilities due to higher final
average salary at retirement for pre-1993 hires were modified to better reflect actual
experience.
 The administrative expense load for contributions rates was increased from 0.16% to
0.18%.
KP&F: 
 Retirement rates were adjusted to partially reflect observed experience.
 Factors for the KP&F group that are used to anticipate higher liabilities due to higher final
average salary at retirement for pre-1993 hires were modified to better reflect actual
experience.
 The administrative expense load for contributions rates was increased from 0.16% to
0.18%.
Assumption changes effective December 31, 2021 were as follows: 
For all groups, the investment rate of return assumption decreased from 7.25% to 7.00% 
KPERS: 
 Interest crediting rate assumption for KPERS 3 members was lowered from 6.25% to
6.00%.
 Annuity interest rate assumption for KPERS 3 members was lowered from 5.75% to 5.00%_ OLATHE K AN SA S$
Nonmajor Governmental Funds
Nonmajor Governmental FundsSpecial Revenue Funds
Fire Levy
To account for property taxes received for the fire department operations.
Motor Fuel Tax
To account for monies levied by the State of Kansas for the purpose of producing revenues to be used to 
defray in whole or in part the cost of constructing, altering, reconstructing, maintaining and repairing
streets and highways.
Library Operating
To account for monies received from the annual tax levy and transfers to the Library Operating Fund for
the operation of the Olathe Public Library.
Economic Development and Tourism
To account for monies provided from the transient guest tax for the purpose of funding economic
development and tourism.
Special Park and Recreatio
n
To account for monies provided by a state liquor taxation on private clubs and expended for the purchase,
establishment, maintenance, or expansion of park and recreational services, programs and education.
Special Alcohol
To account for monies provided by a state liquor taxation on private clubs and expended for the purchase,
establishment, maintenance or expansion of services or programs for alcoholism prevention and education.
Storm Water
To account for monies received from monthly residential and commercial fees for the enhancement of the
City's storm water management system.
Nonmajor Governmental FundsSpecial Revenue Funds
Nonmajor Governmental Funds
Reimbursable Programs
To account for miscellaneous donations for various designated purposes.
Grants Fund
To account for monies provided by various federal, state, and local granting agencies.
Recreation Fund
To account for recreation activities administered by the City.  All activities necessary to provide such
services are accounted for in this fund including, but not limited to, administration, concessions, aquatics
and sports.
Cemetery 
To account for monies received through the sale of cemetery lots and to be used for care of 
such lots.
Capital Projects Fund
Library Capital
To account for monies used for capital purchases of the Olathe Public Library
Park Sales Ta
x
To account for the one-eighth cent sales tax collected for the construction of various park projects.
Street Maintenance Sale Ta
x
To account for the three-eighth cent sales tax collected for the maintenance of streets.
Future Street Improvemen
t
To account for monies provided by developers' deposits for future street improvements in proposed areas
of development.Economic Special
Fire Motor Library Development Park and Special Reimbursable
Levy Fuel Tax Operating and Tourism Recreation Alcohol Stormwater Programs
Assets
Cash, cash equivalents,  and
  investments -
$  
-$  
3,993,860$      1,770,719$    2,802,700$    1,077,052$      2,113,118$      1,084,533$      
Receivables (net of allowance)
  Taxes 4,208,671        -
 
7,406,816 428,449         - 
- 
- 
422,926           
  Accounts - 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
653,425           - 
  Loans
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
D
ue from other governments - 
997,224 - 
- 
150,272         150,272           - 
- 
P
repaid asset - 
- 
40,500             - 
- 
- 
- 
- 
  T
otal assets 4,208,671$      997,224$         11,441,176$    2,199,168$    2,952,972$    1,227,324$      2,766,543$      1,507,459$      
Liabilities 
Accounts payable -
$  
-$  
-$  
-$  
284$              -$  
-$  
-$  
U
nearned revenue - 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
D
ue to other funds - 
599,931 - 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
  T
otal liabilities - 
599,931 - 
- 
284 - 
- - 
D
eferred Inflows of Resources
Deferred revenue - property taxes 4,208,671        - 
7,406,816 - 
- 
- 
- 
422,926           
Deferred revenue - intergovernmental - 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
  T
otal deferred inflows of resources 4,208,671        - 
7,406,816 - 
- 
- 
- 
422,926           
Fund balances
  Nonspendable -
 
- 
40,500             - 
- 
- 
- 
- 
  Restr
icted
    Public works - 
397,293 - 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
    Com
munity services - 
- - 
- 
2,952,688      1,227,324        - 
40,766 
    General
 government - 
- 3,993,860        - 
- 
- 
- 
1,043,767 
  Com
mitted
    Public works - 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
2,766,543        - 
    Com
munity services - 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
    General
 government - 
- 
- 
2,199,168      - 
- 
- 
- 
      T
otal fund balances - 
397,293 4,034,360        2,199,168      2,952,688      1,227,324        2,766,543        1,084,533        
T
otal liabilities, deferred inflows of
  resources, and fund balances 4,208,671$      997,224$         11,441,176$    2,199,168$    2,952,972$    1,227,324$      2,766,543$      1,507,459$      
Special Revenue
City of Olathe, Kansas
Combining Balance Sheet
Nonmajor Governmental Funds
December 31, 2022
78Assets
Cash, cash equivalents,  and
  investments
Receivables (net of allowance)
  Taxes
  Accounts
  Loans
Due from other governments
Prepaid asset
  Total assets
Liabilities 
Accounts payable
Unearned revenue
Due to other funds
  Total liabilities
Deferred Inflows of Resources
Deferred revenue - property taxes
Deferred revenue - intergovernmental
  Total deferred inflows of resources
Fund balances
  Nonspendable
  Restricted
    Public works
    Community services
    General government
  Committed
    Public works
    Community services
    General government
      Total fund balances
Total liabilities, deferred inflows of
  resources, and fund balances
Total
S
treet Future Nonmajor
Grants Library Park Sales Maintenance Street Governmental
Fund Cemetery Recreation Capital Tax Sales Tax Improvement Funds
5,466,684$      206,163$         945,271$         652,836$         4,006,927$      5,340,776$      10,173,302$    39,633,941$      
- 
- 
- 
- 
876,622           2,629,863        - 
15,973,347
11,964             - 
80,341 - 
- 
- 
- 
745,730
3,714,340        - 
- - 
- 
- 
- 
3,714,340
83,353             - 
- - 
- 
- 
- 
1,381,121
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
40,500
9,276,341$      206,163$         1,025,612$      652,836$         4,883,549$      7,970,639$      10,173,302$    61,488,979$      
10,271$           -$  
760,713$         -$  
-$  
-$  
-$  
771,268$           
4,599,375        - 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
4,599,375          
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- - 599,931             
4,609,646        - 
760,713 - 
- 
- 
- 
5,970,574          
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
12,038,413        
19,781             - 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
19,781
19,781             - 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
12,058,194        
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
40,500
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
7,970,639 - 
8,367,932
4,646,914        - 
- 
- 
4,883,549        - 
- 
13,751,241
- 
- 
- 
652,836           - 
- 
- 
5,690,463
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
10,173,302      12,939,845
- 
206,163 264,899           - 
- 
- 
- 
471,062
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
2,199,168
4,646,914        
206,163           264,899           652,836           4,883,549        7,970,639        10,173,302      43,460,211        
9,276,341$      206,163$         1,025,612$      652,836$         4,883,549$      7,970,639$      10,173,302$    61,488,979$      
Combining Balance Sheet
Nonmajor Governmental Funds
December 31, 2022
Capital Projects
City of Olathe, Kansas
Special Revenue
79Economic Special
Fire Motor Library Development Park and Special Reimbursable
Levy Fuel Tax Operating and Tourism Recreation Alcohol Stormwater Programs
Revenues
Taxes:
  Property 4,194,993 $      -
$  
7,374,039$      -$  
-$  
-$  
-$  
405,668$         
  Sales - 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
  T
ransient guest - 
- 
- 
1,571,772        - 
- 
- 
- 
Intergovernm
ental - 
3,923,754 - 
- 
640,664           640,664           - 
- 
F
ines, forfeitures, and penalties - 
- 
110,421           - 
- 
- 
- 
- 
C
harges for services - 
- 
79,347             - 
814,810 - 
5,136,981 281,751           
Use of money and property - 
- 
76,943             17,832             28,094 11,426             31,122 1,102
Miscellaneous - 
- 
- 
- 
100,000 100,000           - 
243,215
  Total revenues 4,194,993        3,923,754        7,640,750        1,589,604        1,583,568        752,090           5,168,103        931,736           
Expenditures
General government -
 
454,620           1,318,500        - 
- 
91,061             518,245           
Public safety - 
- 
- 
- 
- 
314,251 - 
19,253
P
ublic works - 
- 
- 
- 
460,569           - 2,807,522 - 
C
ommunity services - 
- 
6,603,552        - 
140,008 226,475 66,452 25,509             
Debt service
  Principal retirements -
 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
120,000           - 
  Interest and fi
scal charges - 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
156,695           - 
  T
otal expenditures - 
- 
7,058,172        1,318,500        600,577           540,726           3,241,730        563,007           
    Excess of revenues over
      (under) expenditures 4,194,993        3,923,754        582,578           271,104           982,991           211,364           1,926,373        368,729           
Other financing sources (uses)
Transfers in -
 
- 
- 
819 143,021           - 
28,374 - 
T
ransfers out (4,316,712)       (3,849,829)       (200,102)          - 
(450,000) 
- 
(2,179,539) 
- 
    T
otal other financing
      sources (uses) (4,316,712)       (3,849,829)       (200,102)          819 (306,979)          - 
(2,151,165) 
- 
  N
et change in fund balances (121,719)          73,925             382,476           271,923           676,012           211,364           (224,792)          368,729           
Fund balances - beginning of year 121,719           323,368           3,651,884        1,927,245        2,276,676        1,015,960        2,991,335        715,804           
Fund balances - end of year -$  397,293$         4,034,360$      2,199,168$      2,952,688$      1,227,324$      2,766,543$      1,084,533$      
City of Olathe, Kansas
Combining Statement of Revenues, Expenditures
Special Revenue
and Changes in Fund Balances
Nonmajor Governmental Funds
For the Year Ended December 31, 2022
80Revenues
Taxes:
  Property
  Sales
  Transient guest
Intergovernmental
Fines, forfeitures, and penalties
Charges for services
Use of money and property
Miscellaneous
  Total revenues
Expenditures
General government
Public safety
Public works
Community services
Debt service
  Principal retirements
  Interest and fiscal charges
  Total expenditures
    Excess of revenues over
      (under) expenditures
Other financing sources (uses)
Transfers in
Transfers out
    Total other financing
      sources (uses)
  Net change in fund balances
Fund balances - beginning of year
Fund balances - end of yea
r
Total
S
treet Future Nonmajor
Grant Library Park Sales Maintenance Street Governmental
Fund Cemetery Recreation Capital Tax Sales Tax Improvement Funds
-$  
-$  
-$  
-$  
-$  
-$  
-$  
11,974,700$    
- 
- 
- 
- 
5,254,909        15,764,664      - 
21,019,573
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
1,571,772        
4,283,878        - 
- 
40,569             - 
- 
- 
9,529,529        
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
110,421           
- 
325,032 5,481,932        209,393           - 
- 
1,379,870        13,709,116      
286 1,478 12,680             - 
46,834 
190,958           112,095           530,850           
299,393           - 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
742,608           
4,583,557        326,510           5,494,612        249,962           5,301,743        15,955,622      1,491,965        59,188,569      
5,489,226        - 
285,176 - 
- 
- 
41,250             8,198,078        
878,836           - 
- - 
- 
- 
- 1,212,340        
2,132,975        
- 
682,418 - 
272,999 
- 
- 
6,356,483        
3,157,616        497,474           4,919,119 273,537           - 
- 
- 
15,909,742      
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
120,000           
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
156,695           
11,658,653      497,474           5,886,713        273,537           272,999           - 
41,250 31,953,338      
(7,075,096)       (170,964)          (392,101)          (23,575)            5,028,744        15,955,622      1,450,715        27,235,231      
7,544,992        - 
339,573 - 
98,811 119,680           450,000           8,725,270        
(166,836)          - 
- - 
(3,573,661)       (14,500,000)     (1,963,301)       (31,199,980)     
7,378,156        - 
339,573 - 
(3,474,850) 
(14,380,320)     (1,513,301)       (22,474,710)     
303,060           (170,964)          (52,528)            (23,575)            1,553,894        1,575,302        (62,586)            4,760,521        
4,343,854        377,127           317,427           676,411           3,329,655        6,395,337        10,235,888      38,699,690      
4,646,914$      206,163$         264,899$         652,836$         4,883,549$      7,970,639$      10,173,302$    43,460,211$    
Capital ProjectsSpecial Revenue
City of Olathe, Kansas
Combining Statement of Revenues, Expenditures
and Changes in Fund Balances
Nonmajor Governmental Funds
For the Year Ended December 31, 2022
81Budgetary Schedules
Budgetary SchedulesOriginal and Variance - Original and Variance - Original and  Variance -
Final Amended  Positiv e Final Amended  Positiv e Final Amended  Positiv e
Budget Actual (Negative) Budget Actual (Negative) Budget Actual (Negative)
Revenues
Taxes 4,252,100 $      4,194,993 $      (57,107) $          - $                      - $                      - $                      7,483,252$      7,374,039 $      (109,213) $        
Intergovernmental -                         -                         -                         3,915,434         3,923,754          8,320                 -                         -                         -                         
Fines, foreitures, and penalties -                         -                         -                         -                         -                         -                         -                         110,421            110,421             
Charges for services -                         -                         -                         -                         -                         -                         211,500            79,347               (132,153)          
Use of money and property -                         -                         -                         359                   -                         (359)                  36,189              76,943               40,754               
Miscellaneous 26,651               -                         (26,651)            -                         -                         -                         32,686              -                         (32,686)            
  Total revenues 4,278,751          4,194,993          (83,758)             3,915,793          3,923,754          7,961                 7,763,627         7,640,750          (122,877)           
Expenditures
General government -                         -                         -                         -                         -                         -                         390,738            454,620             (63,882)             
Public safety -                         -                         -                         -                         -                         -                         -                         -                         -                         
Public works -                         -                         -                         -                         -                         -                         19,502              -                         19,502
              
Community services -                         -                         -                         -                         -                         -                         11,100,110      6,764,744          4,335,366          
Debt service -                         -                         -                         -                         -                         -                         -                         -                         -                         
  Total expenditures -                         -                         -                         -                         -                         -                         11,510,350      7,219,364          4,290,986          
    Excess of revenues over/
      (under) expenditures 4,278,751          4,194,993          (83,758)             3,915,793          3,923,754          7,961                 (3,746,723)       421,386             4,168,109          
Other financing sources (uses)
Transfers in -                         -                         -                         -                         -                         -                         -                         -                         -                         
Transfers out (4,413,902)        (4,316,712)        97,190               (3,983,957)       (3,849,829)        134,128             -                         (200,102)          (200,102)           
    Total other financing sources/(uses) (4,413,902)       (4,316,712)        97,190               (3,983,957)       (3,849,829)        134,128             -                         (200,102)          (200,102)           
  Net change in fund balances (135,151) $        (121,719)           13,432 $            (68,164) $          73,925               142,089 $          (3,746,723)$     221,284             3,968,007 $      
Fund balances - beginning of year -
  Budget basis 121,719             323,368             3,646,054          
Fund balances - end of year -
  Budget basis -                         397,293             3,867,338          
Encumbrances incurred and outstanding /
  Due to other fund -                         -                         167,022             
Fund balances - end of year - GAAP basis - $                      397,293 $          4,034,360 $      
Budget and Actual - Budgetary Basis
Fire Levy Fund Motor Fuel Tax Fund Library Operating Fund
and Changes in Fund Balances
For the Year Ended December 31, 2022
City of Olathe, Kansas
Combining Schedule of Revenues, Expenditures
All Budgeted Special Revenue Funds
82Original and  Variance - Original and  Variance - Original and  Variance -
Final Amended  Positiv e Final Amended  Positiv e Final Amended  Positiv e
Budget Actual (Negative) Budget Actual (Negative) Budget Actual (Negative)
Revenues
Taxes 906,755 $          1,571,772 $      665,017 $          - $                      - $                      - $                      - $                      - $                     - $                     
Intergovernmental -                         -                         -                         430,947            640,664             209,717             550,866             640,664            89,798              
Fines, foreitures, and penalties -                         -                         -                         -                         -                         -                         -                         -                        -                        
Charges for services -                         -                         -                         525,227            814,810             289,583             -                         -                        -                        
Use of money and property -                         17,832              17,832               15,003               28,094               13,091               19,159               11,426              (7,733)               
Miscellaneous -                         -                         -                         -                         100,000            100,000             -                         100,000           100,000            
  Total revenues 906,755             1,589,604          682,849             971,177             1,583,568          612,391             570,025             752,090            182,065            
Expenditures
General government 2,506,657          1,318,500          1,188,157          -                         -                         -                         -                         -                        -                        
Public safety -                         -                         -                         -                         -                         -                         329,743            314,251            15,492              
Public works -                         -                         -                         2,363,434         460,569             1,902,865          -                         -                        -
                       
Community services -                         -                         -                         129,215            140,008             (10,793)             1,247,775          226,475            1,021,300         
Debt service -                         -                         -                         -                         -                         -                         -                         -                        -                        
  Total expenditures 2,506,657          1,318,500          1,188,157          2,492,649          600,577             1,892,072          1,577,518          540,726            1,036,792         
    Excess of revenues over (under)
      expenditures (1,599,902)        271,104             1,871,006          (1,521,472)        982,991             2,504,463          (1,007,493)        211,364            1,218,857         
Other financing sources (uses)
Transfers in 154                    819                    665                    -                         143,021            143,021             -                         -                        -                        
Transfers out -                         -                         -                         (450,000)          (450,000)           -                         -                         -                        -                        
    Total other financing sources/(uses) 154                    819                    665                    (450,000)          (306,979)           143,021             -                         -                        -                        
  Net change in fund balances (1,599,748) $     271,923             1,871,671 $      (1,971,472) $     676,012             2,647,484 $      (1,007,493) $     211,364            1,218,857 $      
Fund balances - beginning of year -
  Budget basis 1,927,245          2,276,676          1,015,960         
Fund balances - end of year -
  Budget basis 2,199,168          2,952,688          1,227,324         
Encumbrances incurred and outstanding /
  Due to other fund -                         -                         -                        
Fund balances - end of year - GAAP basis 2,199,168 $      2,952,688 $      1,227,324 $      
Economic Development and Tourism
Budget and Actual - Budgetary Basis
For the Year Ended December 31, 2022
and Changes in Fund Balances
All Budgeted Special Revenue Funds
Special Park and Recreation Fund Special Alcohol Fund
City of Olathe, Kansas
Combining Schedule of Revenues, Expenditures
83Original and Variance - Original and Variance - Original and Variance -
Final Amended Positiv e Final Amended Positive Final Amended Positive
Budget Actual (Negative) Budget Actual (Negative) Budget Actual (Negative)
Revenues
Taxes -$
 -$
 -$
 -$
 -$
 -$
 12,642,107$    13,140,804$    498,697$          
Intergovernmental -  -  -  -  -  -  4,897,247         5,205,082         307,835            
Fines, foreitures, and penalties -  -  -  -  -  -  -  110,421            110,421            
Charges for services 4,987,587         5,136,981         149,394            6,262,000         5,481,932         (780,068)          11,986,314      11,513,070      (473,244)          
Use of money and property 20,000              31,122              11,122              9,764  12,680              2,916  100,474            178,097            77,623              
Miscellaneous -  -  -  -  -  -  59,337              200,000            140,663            
  Total revenues 5,007,587         5,168,103         160,516            6,271,764         5,494,612         (777,152)          29,685,479      30,347,474      661,995            
Expenditures
General government 211,407            91,061              120,346            298,574            285,176            13,398              3,407,376         2,149,357         1,258,019         
Public safety -  -  -  -  -  -  329,743            314,251            15,492              
Public works 4,574,917         2,807,952         1,766,965         652,840            686,168            (33,328)            7,610,693         3,954,689         3,656,004         
Community services
69,946              66,452              3,494  5,272,805         4,917,036         355,769            17,819,851      12,114,715      5,705,136         
Debt service -  276,695  (276,695)          -  -  -  -  276,695            (276,695)          
  Total expenditures 4,856,270         3,242,160         1,614,110         6,224,219         5,888,380         335,839            29,167,663      18,809,707      10,357,956      
    Excess of revenues over (under)
      expenditures 151,317            1,925,943         1,774,626         47,545              (393,768)          (441,313)          517,816            11,537,767      11,019,951      
Other financing sources (uses)
Transfers in -  28,374  28,374              -  339,573  339,573            154  511,787            511,633            
Transfers out (2,865,800)       (2,179,539) 686,261            (200,000)          -  200,000  (11,913,659)     (10,996,182)     917,477            
    Total other financing sources/(uses) (2,865,800)       (2,151,165)       714,635            (200,000)          339,573            539,573            (11,913,505)     (10,484,395)     1,429,110         
  Net change in fund balances (2,714,483)$     (225,222)          2,489,261$      (152,455)$        (54,195)            98,260$            (11,395,689)$   1,053,372         12,449,061$    
Fund balances - beginning of year -
  Budget basis 2,981,372         305,402            12,597,796      
Fund balances - end of year - `
  Budget basis 2,756,150         251,207            13,651,168      
Encumbrances incurred and outstanding /
  Due to other fund 10,393              13,692              191,107            
Fund balances - end of year - GAAP basis 2,766,543$      264,899$          13,842,275$    
Budget and Actual - Budgetary Basis (continued)
TotalRecreation
and Changes in Fund Balances
All Budgeted Special Revenue Funds
Storm Water Fund
For the Year Ended December 31, 2022
City of Olathe, Kansas
Combining Schedule of Revenues, Expenditures
84Original and Variance -
Final Amended Positive
Budget Actual (Negative)
Revenues
Taxes 4,400,930$      5,254,909$      853,979$         
Use of money and property 8,267  46,834             38,567             
  Total revenues 4,409,197        5,301,743        892,546           
Expenditures
Public works 2,532,529        272,999           2,259,530        
Community services -  -  -  
  Total expenditures 2,532,529        272,999           2,259,530        
    Excess of revenues over (under)
      expenditures 1,876,668        5,028,744        3,152,076        
Other financing sources (uses)
Transfers in -  98,811  98,811             
Transfers out (3,573,661)       (3,573,661)
 
- 
  Total other financing sources (uses) (3,573,661)       (3,474,850)       98,811             
     Net change in fund balance (1,696,993)$     1,553,894        3,250,887$      
Fund balance - beginning of year 3,329,655        
Fund balance - end of year 4,883,549$      
Budget and Actual - Budgetary Basis
For the Year Ended December 31, 2022
City of Olathe, Kansas
Schedule of Revenues, Expenditures,
and Changes in Fund Balance
Park Sales Tax Fund
Budgeted Capital Projects Fund
85Original and Variance -
Final Amended Positive
Budget Actual (Negative)
Revenues
Taxes 13,456,485$    15,764,664$    2,308,179$      
Use of money and property 53,489             190,958           137,469           
  Total revenues 13,509,974      15,955,622      2,445,648        
Expenditures
General government 2,629,039        -  2,629,039  
  Total expenditures 2,629,039        -  2,629,039  
    Excess of revenues over (under)
      expenditures 10,880,935      15,955,622      5,074,687        
Other financing sources (uses)
Transfers in -  119,680  119,680           
Transfers out (13,500,000)     (14,500,000)
 
(1,000,000)       
  Total other financing sources (uses) (13,500,000)     (14,380,320)     (880,320)          
     Net change in fund balance (2,619,065)$     1,575,302        4,194,367$      
Fund balance - beginning of year 6,395,337        
Fund balance - end of year 7,970,639$      
For the Year Ended December 31, 2022
City of Olathe, Kansas
Schedule of Revenues, Expenditures,
and Changes in Fund Balance
Budgeted Capital Projects Fund
Street Maintenance Sales Tax Fund
Budget and Actual - Budgetary Basis
86Original and Variance -
Final Amended  Positive
Budget Actual (Negative)
Revenues
Taxes and special assessments 26,004,651$    26,694,192 $    689,541 $         
Use of money and property -                        737,275           737,275            
Miscellaneous 11,760,677       -                        (11,760,677)     
  Total revenues 37,765,328       27,431,467       (10,333,861)      
Expenditures
General operations -                        31,450             (31,450)             
Debt service:
  Principal retirements 29,488,717       24,745,000       4,743,717         
  Interest 73,800,374       8,606,815         65,193,559       
  Total expenditures 103,289,091     33,383,265       69,905,826       
    Excess of revenues over (under)
      expenditures (65,523,763)      (5,951,798)        59,571,965       
Other financing sources
Transfers in 1,593,366         10,827,227       9,233,861         
Transfers out (225,450)           (326)                  225,124           
  Total other financing sources/(uses) 1,367,916        10,826,901       9,458,985         
    Net change in fund balance (64,155,847)$   4,875,103         69,030,950 $    
Fund balance - beginning of year 68,453,968       
Fund balance - end of yea
r 73,329,071$    
Budget and Actual - Budgetary Basis
For the Year Ended December 31, 2022
City of Olathe, Kansas
Schedule of Revenues, Expenditures,
and Changes in Fund Balance
Debt Service Fund
87Original and Variance -
Final Amended Positive
Budget Actual (Negative)
Revenues
Taxes and special assessments 7,263,815$      7,869,931$      606,116$         
Intergovernmental 400,000         
- 
(400,000) 
Us
e of money and property 48,176             112,846           64,670
Miscellaneous - 
55,727 55,727             
  Total revenues 7,711,991        8,038,504        326,513           
Expenditures
General operations -
 
18,400 (18,400)            
Capital improvements - 
5,195,216 (5,195,216)       
Debt service 10,778,723      2,336,659 8,442,064        
  Total expenditures 10,778,723      7,550,275        3,228,448        
    Excess of revenues over (under)
      expenditures (3,066,732)       488,229           3,554,961        
Other financing sources
Transfers out -
 
(765,384) 
(765,384)          
  Total other financing sources - 
(765,384) 
(765,384)          
    Net change in fund balance (3,066,732)$     (277,155)          2,789,577$      
Fund balance - beginning of year 9,932,435        
Fund balance - end of year 9,655,280$      
Budget and Actual - Budgetary Basis
For the Year Ended December 31, 2022
City of Olathe, Kansas
Schedule of Revenues, Expenditures,
and Changes in Fund Balance
Special Tax Financing Fund
88Internal Service Funds
Internal Service FundsCentral Garage
To account for the costs of operating a maintenance facility for automotive equipment provided to other
city departments.  Such costs are billed to other departments at actual cost plus a fixed overhead factor.
The automotive equipment itself is acquired by the various user departments which are responsible for
financing replacement vehicles as necessary.
Risk Management
To account for the monies provided for health and dental, workers' compensation, property, casualty and
other liability insurance coverage purchased by the City.
Vehicle Replacement
To account for monies provided by usage charges for future replacement of City vehicles.
Personal Computer Replacement
To account for monies provided by usage charges for future replacement of City personal computers.
Building Maintenance Fund
To account for monies provided by usage charges for future maintenance costs.
Internal Service Funds_ OLATHE K AN SA S$
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   
   Personal  
Central Risk Vehicle Computer Building
Garage Management Replacement Replacement Maintenance Total
Assets
Current assets
  Cash and cash equivalents 883,233 $         16,546,683$    12,285,436 $    1,550,809 $      455,219 $       31,721,380$    
  Accounts receivable 21,255              -                        -                        -                        -                      21,255             
  Inventories and prepaid assets 366,066            -                        -                        -                        -                      366,066           
    Total current assets 1,270,554         16,546,683       12,285,436       1,550,809         455,219          32,108,701      
Noncurrent assets
  Restricted assets
    Due from other funds -                        -                        1,289,528        -                        -                      1,289,528        
    Deposit -                        11,000             -                        -                        -                      11,000             
      Total restricted assets -                        11,000             1,289,528        -                        -                      1,300,528        
  Capital assets 70,544              -                        78,000,954      228,269            -                      78,299,767      
  Less accumulated depreciation (70,544)             -                        (47,376,967)     (228,269)           -                      (47,675,780)     
    Net capital assets -                        -                        30,623,987      -                        -                      30,623,987      
Total assets 1,270,554 $      16,557,683 $    44,198,951 $    1,550,809 $      455,219 $       64,033,216$    
Liabilities
Current liabilities
  Accounts and claims payable 1,027,134 $      3,254,379 $      26,158 $           - $                     - $                   4,307,671$      
  Due to other funds -                        1,504               -                        -                        -                      1,504               
  Compensated absences 85,746              10,647              -                        -
                       33,773           130,166            
    Total current liabilities 1, 112,880        3,266,530         26,158              -                        33,773           4,439,341        
Noncurrent liabilities
  Deposit -                        11,000             -                        -                        -                      11,000             
  Compensated absences 18,912              1,909                -                        -                        3,553             24,374              
    Total noncurrent liabilities 18,912              12,909              -                        -                        3,553             35,374              
Total liabilities 1, 131,792        3,279,439         26,158              -                        37,326           4,474,715        
Net position
Net investment in capital assets -                        -                        30,597,829      -                        -                      30,597,829      
Unrestricted 138,762            13,278,244      13,574,964       1,550,809         417,893          28,960,672      
    Total net position 138,762            13,278,244      44,172,793       1,550,809         417,893          59,558,501      
Total liabilities and net position 1,270,554 $      16,557,683 $    44,198,951 $    1,550,809 $      455,219 $       64,033,216$    
City of Olathe, Kansas
Combining Statement of Net Position
December 31, 2022
Internal Service Funds
89  
   Personal Internal  
Central Risk Vehicle Computer Building Service
Garage Management Replacement Replacement Maintenance Transfers Total
Operating revenues
  Charges for services 7,804,868 $      24,667,553 $    8,631,466 $       1,469,406 $      1,806,583 $      - $                     44,379,876$    
    Total operating revenues 7,804,868         24,667,553       8,631,466          1,469,406         1,806,583         -                        44,379,876      
Operating expenses
  Administration and general 24,068              24,403,776      1,002,293          1,300,508         -                        -                        26,730,645      
  Equipment maintenance 8,019,865         -                        -                        -                        1,783,843        -                        9,803,708        
  Depreciation -                        -                        6,027,286         -                        -                        -                        6,027,286        
    Total operating expenses 8,043,933         24,403,776       7,029,579          1,300,508         1,783,843         42,561,639       
      Operating income (loss) (239,065)           263,777            1,601,887          168,898            22,740              -                        1,818,237        
 
Nonoperating revenues (expenses)
  Interest income -                        174,858           149,519             15,475              2,032                -                        341,884           
  Gain from sale of equipment -                        -                        640,209            -                        -                        -                        640,209           
    Total nonoperating revenues 
      (expenses) -                        174,858           789,728             15,475              2,032                -                        982,093           
      Net income (loss) (239,065)           438,635            2,391,615          184,373            24,772              2,800,330         
  Transfers in 65,262              -                        -                        -                        -                        (15,786)            49,476              
  Transfers out -                        -
                       (51,317)            -                        -                        15,786             (35,531)             
      Net income (loss) (173,803)           438,635            2,340,298          184,373            24,772              -                        2,814,275        
Net position - beginning of year 312,565            12,839,609      41,832,495        1,366,436         393,121            -                        56,744,226      
Net position - end of year 138,762 $         13,278,244$    44,172,793 $     1,550,809 $      417,893 $         - $                     59,558,501$    
City of Olathe, Kansas
Combining Statement of Revenues, Expenses, and Changes in Net Position
Internal Service Funds
December 31, 2022
90  
   Personal Internal  
Central Risk Vehicle Computer Building Service  
Garage Management Replacement Replacement Maintenance Transfers Total
Cash Flows from Operating
  Activities
  Receipts from customers and users 7,801,606$      24,667,553 $    8,631,466 $      1,469,406 $      1,806,583 $      - $                  44,376,614$    
  Payments to suppliers (5,531,302)        (22,790,729)      (976,135)           (1,300,508)        (1,094,939)        -                     (31,693,613)     
  Payments to employees (1,961,335)        (513,176)           -                        -                        (684,667)          -                     (3,159,178)       
    Net cash provided by  (used in)
      operating activities 308,969            1,363,648         7,655,331         168,898            26,977              -                     9,523,823        
Cash Flows from Noncapital 
  Financing Activities
  Transfers from other funds 65,262              -                        -                        -                        -                        (15,786)         49,476              
  Transfers to other funds -                        -                        (51,317)            -                        -                        15,786          (35,531)             
    Net cash provided by (used in)
      noncapital financing activities 65,262              -                        (51,317)            -                        -                        -                     13,945             
Cash Flows from Capital and 
  Related Financing Activities
  Acquisitions and construction of
    capital assets -                        -                        (12,245,642)     -                        -                        -                     (12,245,642)     
  Proceeds from sale of capital assets -                        -                        723,503           -                        -                        -                     723,503           
    Net cash (used in) capital and
      related financing activities -                        -                        (11,522,139)     -                        -                        -                     (11,522,139)     
 
Cash Flows from Investing
  Activities
  Interest received -                        174,858           149,519            15,475              2,032                -                     341,884           
    Net cash provided by 
      investing activities -                        174,858           149,519            15,475              2,032                -                     341,884
           
Net increase (decrease) in cash and 
  cash equivalents 374,231            1,538,506         (3,768,606)        184,373            29,009              -                     (1,642,487)       
Cash and cash equivalents -
  beginning of year 509,002            15,008,177      16,054,042       1,366,436         426,210            -                     33,363,867      
Cash and cash equivalents -
  end of year 883,233 $         16,546,683$    12,285,436 $    1,550,809 $      455,219 $         - $                  31,721,380$    
Reconciliation of operating income
  (loss) to net cash provided by (used in)
  operating activities
  Operating income (loss) (239,065) $        263,777 $         1,601,887 $      168,898 $         22,740 $           - $                  1,818,237$      
  Adjustments to reconcile operating
    income (loss) to cash provided by
    (used in) operating activities
    Depreciation and amortization -                        -                        6,027,286        -                        -                        -                     6,027,286        
    Changes in assets and liabilities
      (Increase) in accounts receivable (3,262)               -                        -                        -                        -                        -                     (3,262)              
      Decrease in inventories and 
        prepaid assets 11,192              -                        -                        -                        -                        -                     11,192             
      Increase in accounts and
        claims payable 520,275            1,096,446         26,158              -                        -                        -                     1,642,879        
      Increase in due to other funds -                        1,504               -                        -                        -                        -                     1,504               
      Increase in compensated absences 19,829              1,921                -                        -                        4,237               -                     25,987             
          Total adjustments 548,034            1,099,871         6,053,444         -                        4,237               -                     7,705,586        
Net cash provided by (used in)
  operating activities 308,969 $         1,363,648 $      7,655,331 $      168,898 $         26,977 $           - $                  9,523,823$      
City of Olathe, Kansas
Combining Statement of Cash Flows
Internal Service Funds
December 31, 2022
91_ OLATHE K AN SA S$
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 Discretely Presented Component Unit
Discretely Presented Component UnitOlathe Public Housing Authority
To account for the proprietary fund type financial activities of the public housing authority.
Discretely Presented Component Unit  
Olathe
Public Housing
Authority
Assets
Cash and cash equivalents 723,051 $             
Receivable 60,808                  
Capital assets, net of accumulated
   depreciation 2,218,646             
    Total assets 3,002,505 $          
Liabilities and net position
Liabilities
Accounts payable 204,589 $             
Accrued liabilities 109,386                
Noncurrent liabilities 34,171                  
  Total liabilities 348,146                
Net position
Net invested in capital assets 2,218,646             
Unrestricted 435,713                
  Total net positioin 2,654,359             
  Total liabilities and net position 3,002,505 $          
  
City of Olathe, Kansas
Statement of Net Position
December 31, 2022
Discretely Presented Component Unit
92  
Olathe
Public Housing
Authority
Operating revenues
Charges for services 633,816 $             
Intergovernmental 4,510,764             
  Total operating revenues 5,144,580             
 
Operating expenses
Community services 5,359,019             
  Total operating expenses 5,359,019             
 
Operating (loss) (214,439)               
Nonoperating revenues
Unrestricted investment earnings 579                       
  Total nonoperating revenues 579                       
Change in net position (213,860)               
Net position - beginning of year, restated 2,868,219             
Net position - end of yea
r 2,654,359$          
For the Year Ended December 31, 2022
City of Olathe, Kansas
Statement of Revenues, Expenses,
and Changes in Net Position
Discretely Presented Component Unit
93Olathe
Public Housing
Authority
Cash Flows from Operating
  Activities
  Receipts from customers and users 5,135,120 $              
  Payments to suppliers (4,379,644)                
  Payments to employees (641,506)                   
    Net cash provided by (used in) operating 
      activities 113,970                   
 
Cash Flows from Capital and 
  Related Financing Activities  
  Acquisitions and construction of
    capital assets (414,326)                   
    Net cash (used in) capital and
      related financing activities (414,326)                   
 
Cash Flows from Investing
  Activities
  Interest received 579                           
    Net cash provided by investing
      activities 579                          
Net increase (decrease) in cash and 
  cash equivalents (299,777)                   
Cash and cash equivalents -
  beginning of year 1,022,828                 
Cash and cash equivalents -
  end of yea
r 723,051$                 
Reconciliation of operating income to net
  cash provided by (used in) operating 
  activities
  Operating loss (214,439) $                
  Adjustments to reconcile operating
    income to cash provided by (used in)
    operating activities
    Depreciation 231,887                    
    Changes in assets and liabilities
      (Increase) in receivables (9,460)                       
      (Decrease) in accounts payable and 
        accrued liabilities 130,617                    
      (Decrease) in escrow account (24,635)                     
          Total adjustments 328,409                    
Net cash provided by (used in) operating
  activities 113,970$                 
For the Year Ended December 31, 2022
City of Olathe, Kansas
Statement of Cash Flows
Discretely Presented Component Unit
94_ OLATHE K AN SA S$
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 Statistical Section
Statistical SectionCity of Olathe, Kansas
Statistical Section
Contents Exhibit
Financial Trends
1 - 4
Revenue Capacity
5 - 12
Debt Capacity
13 - 17
Demographic and Economic Information
18 - 21
Operating Information
22 - 24
These schedules contain service and infrastructure data to help the reader understand how the information in the 
City's financial report relates to the services the City provides and the activities it performs.
Sources:  Unless otherwise noted, the information in these schedules is derived from the annual comprehensive financial report for 
the relevant year.  
The statistical section of the City's Annual Comprehensive Financial Report (ACFR) presents detailed information as a context for 
understanding what the information presented in the financial statements, note disclosures, and required supplementary information 
say about the City's overall financial health.
These schedules contain trend information to help the reader understand how the City's financial performance and 
well-being have changed over time.
These schedules contain information to help the reader assess the City's most significant local revenue sources, 
property tax and sales tax.
These schedules present information to help the reader assess the affordability of the City's current levels of 
outstanding debt and the City's ability to issue additional debt in the future.
These schedules offer demographic and economic indicators to help the reader understand the environment within 
which the City's financial activities take place.Exhibit 1
2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
Governmental activities
Net investment in capital assets 386,512,735 $  370,692,154 $  405,739,543 $  412,629,059 $  428,374,947 $  468,020,359 $  459,371,993 $  471,816,066 $  503,693,697 $  514,551,384 $  
Restricted 66,146,861       57,503,742       56,702,281       81,324,117       78,369,300       116,031,761     69,937,182       66,768,299       101,009,719     74,969,562       
Unrestricted 54,031,890       78,729,704       11,859,425       11,528,670       27,219,955       (30,891,241)      39,888,618       46,978,044       41,195,050       77,565,399       
Total governmental activities net position 506,691,486$  506,925,600 $  474,301,249 $  505,481,846 $  533,964,202 $  553,160,879 $  569,197,793 $  585,562,409 $  645,898,466 $  667,086,345 $  
Business-type activities
Net investment in capital assets 232,476,327 $  239,782,857 $  244,478,470 $  240,994,461 $  244,073,175 $  239,764,049 $  250,360,224 $  262,044,600 $  262,745,169 $  280,604,883 $  
Restricted 7,973,798         8,313,028         9,928,840         10,041,625       6,196,232         7,018,082         8,015,333         8,080,267         8,403,527         9,365,758         
Unrestricted 33,057,503       32,283,790       21,204,555       33,935,078       43,939,745       50,105,406       46,625,246       41,586,877       48,695,977       41,916,358       
Total business-type activities net position 273,507,628$  280,379,675 $  275,611,865 $  284,971,164 $  294,209,152 $  296,887,537 $  305,000,803 $  311,711,744 $  319,844,673 $  331,886,999 $  
Primary government
Net investment in capital assets 618,989,062 $  610,475,011 $  650,218,013 $  653,623,520 $  672,448,122 $  707,784,408 $  709,732,217 $  733,860,666 $  766,438,866 $  795,156,267 $  
Restricted 74,120,659       65,816,770       66,631,121       91,365,742       84,565,532       123,049,843     77,952,515       74,848,566       109,413,246     131,878,549     
Unrestricted 87,089,393       111,013,494     33,063,980       45,463,748       71,159,700       19,214,165       86,513,864       88,564,921       89,891,027       71,938,528       
Total primary government activities net position 780,199,114$  787,305,275 $  749,913,114 $  790,453,010 $  828,173,354 $  850,048,416 $  874,198,596 $  897,274,153 $  965,743,139 $  998,973,344 $  
City of Olathe, Kansas
Net Position by Component
Last Ten Fiscal Years
(accrual basis of accounting)
Fiscal Year
$0
$200,000,000
$400,000,000
$600,000,000
$800,000,000
$1,000,000,000
$1,200,000,000
2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
Governmental and Business-type 
Net Assets Comparison
Business-type
Governmental
Net investment in 
capital assets
80%
Restricted
13%
Unrestricted
7%
Governmental and Business-type Net Assets
Current Year
95Exhibit 2
2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
Fiscal Year
City of Olathe, Kansas
Changes in Net Position
Last Ten Fiscal Years
(accrual basis of accounting)
Program expenses
Governmental activities:
General government 22,936,723 $    22,648,134 $     22,935,349 $     29,698,687 $     30,659,017 $     31,670,765 $    33,634,434 $    35,991,748 $     27,620,858 $     29,793,717 $     
Public safety 38,518,949       41,446,154        41,065,601        43,586,807        51,947,482        53,518,929       56,203,958       52,193,052        56,950,109        60,278,175        
Public works 48,561,843       72,495,919        70,291,556        74,644,080        61,820,535        45,025,053       65,535,157       63,983,483        66,082,643        83,859,869        
Community services 10,960,318       12,509,572        13,744,699        16,168,880        16,667,781        16,270,619       16,129,998       15,467,438        21,072,224        27,984,576        
Interest on long-term debt 11,049,332       8,620,577         8,496,066         7,239,575         7,906,438         7,294,666         7,275,226         5,400,068         6,563,929         8,980,984         
Total governmental activities 132,027,165     157,720,356      156,533,271      171,338,029      169,001,253      153,780,032     178,778,773     173,035,789      178,289,763      210,897,321      
Business-type activities:
Water and sewer 34,389,123       35,799,511        37,538,379        38,786,625        41,493,532        43,452,685       48,649,227       49,102,197        46,325,732        48,603,398        
Solid waste 10,738,154       11,740,294        11,854,241        12,176,917        12,863,072        13,945,482       14,178,471       14,125,846        14,427,967        15,915,887        
Total business-type activities 45,127,277       47,539,805        49,392,620        50,963,542        54,356,604        57,398,167       62,827,698       63,228,043        60,753,699        64,519,285        
Total primary government expenses 177,154,442 $  205,260,161 $   205,925,891 $   222,301,571 $   223,357,857 $   211,178,199 $  241,606,471 $  236,263,832 $   239,043,462 $   275,416,606 $   
Program revenues
Governmental activities:
  Charges for services
General government 3,965,047 $      3,756,217 $       4,155,156 $       4,770,270 $       4,660,223 $       5,052,358 $      4,852,589 $      5,575,390 $       5,958,325 $       8,877,299 $       
Public safety 4,523,774         4,537,798         4,315,123         4,191,244         3,091,130         3,512,133         3,607,841         2,898,957         3,118,926         3,282,524         
Public works 5,688,762         7,772,860         7,558,545         8,064,710         9,472,541         10,731,989       8,752,953         8,328,295         11,879,017        9,932,908         
Community services 2,380,047         3,709,630         4,780,084         5,524,930         5,994,725         5,902,968         6,135,471         5,106,418         7,521,950         6,692,510         
  Operating grants and contributions 2,277,453         2,338,420         2,642,863         2,798,886         2,691,260         2,548,814         3,212,795         3,954,109         3,816,162         7,562,128         
  Capital grants and contributions 20,204,382       21,906,462        27,214,326        47,057,319        38,451,050        17,409,373       24,823,201       19,504,894        41,853,456        15,511,711        
Total governmental activities 39,039,465       44,021,387        50,666,097        72,407,359        64,360,929        45,157,635       51,384,850       45,368,063        74,147,836        51,859,080        
Business-type activities:
  Charges for services
Water and sewer 37,135,057       38,100,769        38,981,204        43,168,622        45,752,839        48,608,113       45,700,559       49,356,602        53,764,594
       55,858,007        
Solid waste 12,477,796       12,511,659        12,965,412        13,370,140        12,908,095        13,451,554       15,944,963       16,014,413        17,051,747        17,944,489        
  Operating grants and contributions -                       -                        -                        -                        -                        -                        -                        758,571           -                        206,860           
  Capital grants and contributions 3,178,066         2,742,115         2,452,669         4,416,279         3,286,002         2,813,011         4,445,642         -                        -                        -                        
Total business-type activities 52,790,919       53,354,543        54,399,285        60,955,041        61,946,936        64,872,678       66,091,164       66,129,586        70,816,341        74,009,356        
Total primary government program revenues 91,830,384$    97,375,930 $     105,065,382 $   133,362,400 $   126,307,865 $   110,030,313 $  117,476,014 $  111,497,649 $   144,964,177 $   125,868,436 $   
Net program expense (85,324,058)$   (107,884,231) $  (100,860,509) $  (88,939,171) $   (97,049,992) $   (101,147,886) $ (124,130,457) $ (124,766,183) $  (94,079,285) $   (149,548,170) $  
96Exhibit 2
2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
Fiscal Year
City of Olathe, Kansas
Changes in Net Position
Last Ten Fiscal Years
(accrual basis of accounting)
General revenues and other changes in 
  net position
Governmental activities:
  Taxes:
    Property taxes 36,970,133 $    38,287,765 $     40,134,797 $     43,336,975 $     47,021,050 $     51,746,347 $    54,297,724 $    57,381,851 $     60,297,199 $     61,432,277 $     
    Sales taxes 44,683,816       55,535,354        59,758,735        64,602,806        68,351,904        70,529,222       69,958,462       72,282,916        88,308,857        96,461,239        
    Franchise taxes 10,683,439       11,346,571        11,134,962        11,503,470        11,629,244        12,009,645       11,638,652       10,898,406        10,494,220        12,460,414        
    Other taxes 1,333,354         1,260,272         1,462,228         1,714,373         2,026,799         1,784,961         1,798,487         1,072,895         1,686,485         2,298,583         
  Investment earnings 378,433            642,836            602,315            862,779            1,512,957         3,013,147         4,679,309         1,518,553         105,806            3,047,564         
  Miscellaneous 2,318,868         6,671,826         1,825,250         2,165,115         2,443,044         4,497,232         3,162,265         1,412,662         315,531            4,543,878         
  Transfers (107,331)           188,459            2,376,172         2,251,686         137,682            3,441,360         (2,104,062)        (534,941)           3,269,886         (18,335)             
Total governmental activities 96,260,712       113,933,083      117,294,459      126,437,204      133,122,680      147,021,914     143,430,837     144,032,342      164,477,984      180,225,620      
Business-type activities:
  Investment earnings 119,081            230,865            183,741            291,045            477,905            861,184            1,323,989         358,603            12,777              309,222            
  Lease interest income -                       -                        -                        -                        -                        -                        -                        -                        -                        26,450             
  Miscellaneous 1,103,970         1,014,903         1,108,050         1,328,441         1,307,433         1,341,098         1,421,749         2,915,854         1,327,396         2,198,248         
  Transfers 107,331            (188,459)           (2,376,172)        (2,251,686)        (137,682)           (3,441,360)        2,104,062         534,941            (3,269,886)       18,335              
Total business-type activities 1,330,382         1,057,309         (1,084,381)        (632,200)           1,647,656         (1,239,078)        4,849,800         3,809,398         (1,929,713)        2,552,255         
Total primary government general revenues 97,591,094$    114,990,392 $   116,210,078 $   125,805,004 $   134,770,336 $   145,782,836 $  148,280,637 $  147,841,740 $   162,548,271 $   182,777,875 $   
Change in net position 12,267,036$    7,106,161 $       15,349,569 $     36,865,833 $     37,720,344 $     44,634,950 $    24,150,180 $    23,075,557 $     68,468,986 $     33,229,705 $     
97Exhibit 3
 
2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
General Fund
Nonspendable 372,171 $         360,834 $         273,262 $         180,838 $         65,974 $           6,011 $             109,998 $         92,517 $           437,938 $         568,761 $         
Assigned 691,195            575,716            308,646            408,916            313,803            367,726            152,861            305,369            332,938            3,948,318         
Unassigned 23,714,931       25,029,566       26,653,214       27,547,843       28,660,751       30,139,831       30,662,381       30,336,965       35,362,011       50,883,642       
Total general fund 24,778,297 $    25,966,116 $    27,235,122 $    28,137,597 $    29,040,528 $    30,513,568 $    30,925,240 $    30,734,851 $    36,132,887 $    55,400,721 $    
All Other Governmental Funds
Nonspendable - $                     - $                     - $                     - $                     - $                     - $                     44,704$           15,523 $           3,199 $             40,500 $           
Restricted 57,084,752       52,559,149       58,520,874       70,680,019       69,992,308       84,594,066       39,582,543       45,163,035       84,970,442       110,793,987     
Committed 11,259,718       12,690,925       16,931,314       13,253,562       14,393,464       16,173,584       14,356,140       15,672,679       15,849,022       15,610,075       
Assigned 6,868,058         9,059,939         11,339,204       14,427,463       20,686,346       23,670,824       28,520,468       34,667,147       40,555,552       -                        
Unassigned -                        -                        -                        -                        -                        -                        -                        (30,667,594)     -                        (13,016,986)     
Total all other governmental funds 75,212,528$    74,310,013 $    86,791,392 $    98,361,044 $    105,072,118 $  124,438,474 $  82,503,855 $    64,850,790 $    141,378,215 $  113,427,576 $  
 
City of Olathe, Kansas
Fund Balances, Governmental Funds
Last Ten Fiscal Years
(modified accrual basis of accounting)
Fiscal Year
$0
$10,000,000
$20,000,000
$30,000,000
$40,000,000
$50,000,000
$60,000,000
2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
General Fund Balance
$0
$20,000,000
$40,000,000
$60,000,000
$80,000,000
$100,000,000
$120,000,000
$140,000,000
$160,000,000
2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
All Other Governmental Funds
98Exhibit 4
2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
Revenues
Taxes and special assessments 104,216,196 $  115,878,933 $  119,895,961 $  127,903,146 $  134,793,488 $  141,523,573 $  143,388,176 $  146,144,364 $  164,711,092 $  176,191,723 $  
Intergovernmental 11,434,840       14,914,113       12,389,145       12,987,653       21,602,721       17,841,802       14,634,776       20,024,984       46,677,855       22,911,157       
Licenses and permits 1,219,515         1,462,444         2,054,140         2,221,597         2,311,842         2,858,757         2,568,592         2,724,055         2,118,160         3,576,880         
Fines, forfeitures, and penalties 4,028,710         3,973,992         3,866,565         3,861,676         2,766,930         3,156,629         3,289,874         2,460,077         2,780,050         2,256,977         
Charges for services 11,309,405       14,340,069       14,888,203       16,467,881       18,139,856       19,184,062       17,490,388       16,724,928       20,282,516       22,951,384       
Use of money and property 332,055            569,071            549,290            793,780            1,422,000         2,647,564         4,296,722         1,371,379         89,549              2,705,680         
Miscellaneous 2,984,067         6,479,238         1,846,859         1,572,393         1,942,028         4,201,766         1,939,180         1,117,918         4,213,150         3,830,113         
Total revenues 135,524,788     157,617,860     155,490,163     165,808,126     182,978,865     191,414,153     187,607,708     190,567,705     240,872,372     234,423,914     
Expenditures
Current:
General government 21,332,265       21,094,027       22,375,960       28,554,144       28,267,167       30,304,050       31,876,684       31,598,849       27,122,934       26,631,374       
Public safety 36,754,816       39,565,726       41,058,833       42,270,308       47,585,328       50,139,662       53,276,267       51,903,934       56,911,026       58,931,011       
Public works 14,417,388       14,816,298       15,450,364       11,842,381       13,293,564       13,033,266       14,019,737       12,196,257       17,729,333       18,802,918       
Community services 10,163,238       11,699,573       13,142,640       14,549,846       14,704,008       14,594,861       16,059,390       12,955,972       20,018,933       25,582,706       
Capital improvements 45,828,161       57,620,792       44,172,182       56,384,322       59,411,140       69,670,738       84,023,479       91,008,714       101,633,665     100,622,921     
Debt service:
Principal retirements 24,980,629       28,371,830       24,098,465       20,680,816       21,767,175       22,139,589       22,960,974       22,097,653       21,766,215       26,645,342       
Interest and fiscal charges 9,026,964         9,185,557         8,718,545         8,008,626         8,770,981         8,412,845         8,870,375         8,553,299         8,299,526         11,364,136       
Total expenditures 162,503,461     182,353,803     169,016,989     182,290,443     193,799,363     208,295,011     231,086,906     230,314,678     253,481,632     268,580,408     
Excess of revenues under expenditures (26,978,673)     (24,735,943)      (13,526,826)      (16,482,317)      (10,820,498)      (16,880,858)      (43,479,198)      (39,746,973)      (12,609,260)      (34,156,494)     
Other financing sources (uses)
Payment to refunded bond escrow -                        (3,200,000)       (2,450,000)        (9,605,000)        (13,800,000)      (3,920,000)        (24,710,000)      (10,324,985)      (14,965,086)      -                       
Issuance of bonds 22,165,000       22,220,000       11,695,000       17,883,673       12,700,000       34,170,000       14,204,654       19,755,000       92,495,000       22,825,000       
Issuance of refunding bonds 5,165,000         4,260,000         8,290,000         13,180,000       16,235,000       -                        10,094,579      9,610,000         -                        -                       
Lease issuance proceeds 116,979           
Bond premium 1,905,100         1,200,740         1,759,969         3,089,684         2,460,806         4,160,857         3,231,035         2,662,103         14,054,446       1,702,257         
Capital lease proceeds 237,839            9,255                -                        -                        -                        -                        -                        224,023           -                        -                       
Insurance proceeds -                        -                        -                        539,359           164,173            -                        664,211           -                        -                        -                       
Transfers in 25,842,153       27,924,819       35,612,943       40,602,770       41,339,554       46,291,981       46,218,324       48,391,564       44,038,969       62,380,980       
Transfers out (25,655,128)      (27,393,567)      (31,090,979)      (40,416,462)      (40,649,195)      (42,986,886)      (47,831,882)      (48,414,186)      (41,088,608)      (61,551,527)     
Total other financing sources (uses) 29,659,964      25,021,247       23,816,933       25,274,024       18,450,338       37,715,952       1,870,921         21,903,519       94,534,721       25,473,689       
Net change in fund balances 2,681,291 $      285,304 $         10,290,107$    8,791,707 $      7,629,840 $      20,835,094 $    (41,608,277) $   (17,843,454) $   81,925,461 $    (8,682,805) $    
Debt service as a percentage of noncapital
  expenditures 27.2% 24.5% 21.9% 18.1% 20.0% 21.8% 18.3% 19.0% 17.6% 20.5%
Fiscal Year
City of Olathe, Kansas
Changes in Fund Balances, Governmental Funds
Last Ten Fiscal Years
(modified accrual basis of accounting)
99Exhibit 5
 
 
Fiscal Special Other
Year Property Sales Franchise Assessments Taxes Total
2013 36,970,133$    44,683,816 $    10,683,439 $    10,545,454 $    1,333,354 $      104,216,196 $  
2014 38,287,765$    55,529,354 $    11,346,571 $    9,448,971 $      1,260,272 $      115,872,933 $  
2015 40,134,797$    59,758,735 $    11,134,962 $    7,405,239 $      1,462,228 $      119,895,961 $  
2016 43,336,975$    64,602,806 $    11,503,470 $    6,745,522 $      1,714,373 $      127,903,146 $  
2017 47,021,050$    68,351,904 $    11,629,244 $    5,764,491 $      2,026,799 $      134,793,488 $  
2018 51,746,347$    70,529,222 $    12,009,645 $    5,453,398 $      1,784,961 $      141,523,573 $  
2019 54,297,724$    69,958,462 $    11,638,652 $    5,694,851 $      1,798,487 $      143,388,176 $  
2020 57,381,851$    72,282,916 $    10,898,406 $    4,508,296 $      1,072,895 $      146,144,364 $  
2021 60,297,199$    88,308,857 $    10,494,220 $    3,924,331 $      1,686,485 $      164,711,092 $  
2022 61,804,516$    96,461,239 $    12,460,414 $    3,166,971 $      2,298,583 $      176,191,723 $  
Change  
2013 to 2022 67.17% 115.88% 16.63% -69.97% 72.39% 69.06%
City of Olathe, Kansas
Tax and Special Assessment Revenues by Source, Governmental Funds
Last Ten Fiscal Years
(modified accrual basis of accounting)
$0
$20,000,000
$40,000,000
$60,000,000
$80,000,000
$100,000,000
$120,000,000
Taxes and Special Assessment Revenues by Source -
Governmental Funds
Property
Sales
Franchise
Assessments
Other
100Exhibit 6
2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
 
Retail Trade 
  (Big Box Retail, Grocery, Electronics) 15,434,172 $    17,474,368 $    21,654,523 $    22,314,004 $    23,255,377 $    23,454,605 $         22,631,281 $    24,957,732 $    27,479,106 $    28,481,139 $    
Accommodation & Food Services
    (Hotel, Restaurant) 2,573,292         3,105,100         3,925,501         4,090,356         4,153,401         4,215,253              3,838,810         3,967,804         4,594,563         4,982,543         
Utilities 
    (Gas, Electric) 1,725,732         2,078,355         2,421,297         2,443,689         2,511,899         2,647,015              2,772,575         2,533,506         2,528,516         2,836,953         
Information
    (Newsprint, Publishing) 1,283,752         1,605,851         1,966,346         1,624,835         1,595,511         1,637,132              1,296,756         1,294,798         1,488,432         1,631,804         
Wholesale Trade
    (Wholesale Materials) 973,698            1,220,136         1,593,026         1,939,542         1,984,038         1,954,944              2,092,617         1,959,684         1,781,215         2,804,747         
Manufacturing 
    (Food, Beverage, Paper, Machinery) 611,627            811,627            967,271            983,735            948,760            929,794                 760,624            780,948            835,937            1,179,506         
Other Services
    (Auto Repair, Laundry) 674,440            824,551            1,047,467         1,111,621         1,129,824         1,147,384              1,477,371         1,210,238         1,293,359         1,526,874         
Administrative, Support, Waste Management, 
  & Remediation Services 200,444            229,120            287,092            319,937            382,946            419,703                 417,450            711,645            619,516            629,513            
Other  1,545,115         1,812,842         2,520,342         2,878,013         2,721,310         2,863,335              3,139,144         3,082,288         3,399,448         4,018,903
        
     Total 25,022,272 $    29,161,950 $    36,382,865 $    37,705,732 $    38,683,066 $    39,269,165 $         38,426,628 $    40,498,643 $    44,020,092 $    48,091,982 $    
Source:  Kansas Department of Revenue
 
City of Olathe, Kansas
City Sales Tax Only
Taxable Sales by Category
Last Ten Fiscal Years
101Exhibit 7
 
 
Fiscal  Public  Public Safety Education Research Public Safety State of
Year General Parks (1) Streets (2) General Safety Stormwater Capital (3) Triangle (4) Courthouse (5) Kansas (6) Total
 
2013 1.000% 0.125% -                  0.500% 0.250% 0.100% 0.250% 0.125% -                              6.150% 8.500%
2014 1.000% 0.125% 0.375% 0.500% 0.250% 0.100% 0.250% 0.125% -                              6.150% 8.875%
2015 1.000% 0.125% 0.375% 0.500% 0.250% 0.100% 0.250% 0.125% -                              6.500% 9.225%
2016 1.000% 0.125% 0.375% 0.500% 0.250% 0.100% 0.250% 0.125% -                              6.500% 9.225%
2017 1.000% 0.125% 0.375% 0.500% 0.250% 0.100% 0.250% 0.125% 0.250% 6.500% 9.475%
2018 1.000% 0.125% 0.375% 0.500% 0.250% 0.100% 0.250% 0.125% 0.250% 6.500% 9.475%
2019 1.000% 0.125% 0.375% 0.500% 0.250% 0.100% 0.250% 0.125% 0.250% 6.500% 9.475%
2020 1.000% 0.125% 0.375% 0.500% 0.250% 0.100% 0.250% 0.125% 0.250% 6.500% 9.475%
2021 1.000% 0.125% 0.375% 0.500% 0.250% 0.100% 0.250% 0.125% 0.250% 6.500% 9.475%
2022 1.000% 0.125% 0.375% 0.500% 0.250% 0.100% 0.250% 0.125% 0.250% 6.500% 9.475%
     Source: Kansas Department of Revenue 
(3)  The citizens of Johnson County approved an 1/4% sales tax for public safety capital and operations effective January 2009.
(4)  The citizens of Johnson County approved an 1/8% sales tax for the education research triangle effective January 2009. 
(5)  The citizens of Johnson County approved an 1/4% sales tax for public safety for a new courthouse effective April 2017.
(6)  The State of Kansas decreased its sales tax rate effective July 2013 than increased its sales tax rate effective July 2015.
(1)  The citizens of Olathe approved an 1/8% sales tax for various park projects for 10 years effective April 2015.  In April 2023, Olathe citizens approved an extension of this tax through March 
2035.  
(2)  The citizens of Olathe approved an 3/8% sales tax for street maintenance for 10 years effective April 2014.  In April 2023, Olathe citizens approved an extension of this tax through March 2034.
City of Olathe, Kansas
Direct and Overlapping Sales Tax Rates
Last Ten Fiscal Years
(modified accrual basis of accounting)
City of Olathe Johnson County
102Exhibit 8
Total Total
Collection Real  Personal Assessed Estimated Direct
Year Property Utilities Propert y Value Actual Value (1) Tax Rate
2013 1,212,161        38,311            28,765             1,279,238          9,562,962           24.818            
2014 1,293,678        38,898            21,385             1,353,961          10,162,389         24.701            
2015 1,400,333        40,813            19,349             1,460,496          10,980,846         24.688            
2016 1,530,644        41,951            17,996             1,590,590          11,981,493         24.708            
2017 1,682,451        42,752            16,293             1,741,496          13,145,013         24.700            
2018 1,840,101        45,350            15,802             1,901,252          14,364,117         24.406            
2019 1,960,326        47,328            15,287             2,022,942          15,293,254         24.397            
2020 2,059,269        50,249            14,420             2,123,938          16,060,301         24.440            
2021 2,167,129        52,672            13,717             2,233,518          16,895,001         24.458            
2022 2,354,639        57,233            12,894             2,424,766          18,348,806         24.241            
    Source:  Johnson County Appraiser 2022 Annual Abstract of Taxes
City of Olathe, Kansas
Assessed and Estimated Actual Value of Taxable Property
Last Ten Fiscal Years
(in thousands of dollars)
(1)   Residential real estate is assessed at 11.5% of its fair market value.  Commercial property is assessed at 25% of 
its fair market value.  All other property is assessed at rates between 12% and 33% of its fair market value.
$0
$2,000,000
$4,000,000
$6,000,000
$8,000,000
$10,000,000
$12,000,000
$14,000,000
$16,000,000
$18,000,000
$20,000,000
2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022Estimated Actual Value
(in thousands)
103Exhibit 9
 
 
 
  
  Fire Bond and     Community County Olathe  
Year General Levy Interest Library Total State County College Park Schools Total
2013 9.010               1.705               11.337             2.766               24.818             1.500              17.745             9.551               2.347               69.486             125.447           
2014 8.871               1.709               11.351             2.770               24.701             1.500              17.764             9.461               2.349               67.868             123.643           
2015 8.866               1.710               11.345             2.767               24.688             1.500              19.582             9.469               3.101               67.764             126.104           
2016 10.874            1.713               9.352               2.769               24.708             1.500              19.590             9.473               3.102               67.774             126.147           
2017 10.193            1.730               9.979               2.798               24.700             1.500              19.318             9.503               3.112               71.174             129.307           
2018 9.925               1.727               9.711               3.043               24.406             1.500              19.024             9.266               3.088               70.665             127.949           
2019 9.921               1.727               9.707               3.042               24.397             1.500              19.036             9.121               3.090               69.878             127.022           
2020 9.938               1.731               9.724               3.047               24.440             1.500              18.799             9.191               3.093               69.138             126.161           
2021 9.945               1.733               9.731               3.049               24.458             1.500              18.564             9.110               3.096               68.282             125.010           
2022 9.708               1.736               9.744               3.053               24.241             1.500              17.772             8.617               3.021               65.168             120.319           
Per $1,000 of Assessed Valuation
 
    Source:  Johnson County Appraiser 2022 Annual Abstract of Taxes
(1)  Overlapping rates are those of local, county, and state governments that apply to property owners within the City of Olath e.  Not all overlapping rates apply to all property owners.
           
City Direct Rates Overlapping Rates (1)
City of Olathe, Kansas
Property Tax Rates
Direct and Overlapping Governments
Last Ten Fiscal Years
100
105
110
115
120
125
130
2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
Total Property Tax Levies
General
40%
Fire Levy
7%
Bond & Interest
40%
Library
13%
Property Taxes ‐ City Direct Rates Current Year
104Exhibit 10
Total Percentage of Total Percentage of
Assessed Total Assessed Assessed Total Assessed
Taxpayer Name Type of Property Value Rank Valuation Value Rank Valuation
Garmin International Inc 28,273,857 $    1 1.17%
JDM III SF KANSAS CITY DC 15,860,436      2 0.65%
G&I X INDUSTRIAL KS LLC 11,638,102      3 0.48%
US BANK 10,599,618     4 0.44%
HOMESTEAD APARTMENT HOMES Apartments 10,451,602      5 0.43% 6,546,146      5 0.51%
NORTHRIDGE 07 A LLC Retail 8,994,617        6 0.37% 6,426,655      6 0.50%
HOA HOTELS KANSAS LLC 8,937,251        7 0.37%
WAL-MART REAL ESTATE BUSINESS TRUST 8,841,566        8 0.36%
FOODBRANDS AMERICA Manufacturer 8,220,500        9 0.34% 5,000,001      9 0.39%
ALDI INC 8,176,111       10 0.34%
KCPL Utility 10,512,695   1 0.82%
ATMOS ENERGY (UNITED GAS) Utility 9,670,082     2 0.76%
PASSCO OLATHE STATION Retail 7,575,851     3 0.59%
HONEYWELL (BENDIX/KING) Aircraft Communications 7,368,703      4 0.58%
WESTAR ENERGY (KPL) Utility 5,723,557     7 0.45%
ARCITERRA OLATHE POINTE Retail 5,328,001     8 0.42%
SPRINT SPECTRUM LLP Utility 4,853,919     10 0.38%
Total 119,993,660$  69,005,610 $ 
Source:  Real estate and personal property valuation from Johnson County Appraiser's Office.
2022 2013
City of Olathe, Kansas
Principal Property Tax Payers
Current Year and Nine Years Ago
105Exhibit 11
 
Total
Current Percen t Delinquent Collections as
Fiscal Total Tax of Lev y Tax Total Tax Percent o f
Year Levy (1) Collection Collected Collections (2) Collections Current Lev y
2013 30,902,949    31,116,334     100.7% 409,831          31,526,165    102.02%
2014 31,749,238    31,927,827     100.6% 425,649          32,353,476    101.90%
2015 33,439,317    33,426,577     100.0% 288,910          33,715,487    100.83%
2016 36,056,353    35,952,604     99.7% 473,432          36,426,036    101.03%
2017 39,304,956    38,673,924     98.4% 224,940          38,898,864    98.97%
2018 43,012,242    42,651,555     99.2% 96,486            42,748,041    99.39%
2019 46,401,800    45,806,541     98.7% 159,453          45,965,994    99.06%
2020 49,374,488    48,720,596     98.7% 197,366          48,917,962    99.08%
2021 51,908,685    51,277,663     98.8% 240,928          51,518,591    99.25%
2022 54,630,358    53,882,530     98.6% (49,273)           53,833,257    98.54%
Source: Johnson County Appraiser
(1)  The total levy is the original levy and does not include discoveries or abatements.
City of Olathe, Kansas
Property Tax Levies and Collections
Last Ten Fiscal Years
(2)  Outstanding delinquent taxes are collected by Johnson County.  County Treasurer's records do not provide a 
determination of delinquent outstanding taxes by year, therefore, it is possible for the total collections as a percent 
of current levy to be greater than 100%.
80.0%
85.0%
90.0%
95.0%
100.0%
105.0%
Levy and Total Tax Collected
Current Collected Total Collections
106Exhibit 12
 Percent  Current and Percent  
Collection Assessment Current of Levy Delinquent Delinquent of Levy Prepaid Total
Year Levy Collections (1) Collected Collecti ons Collection Collected Assessment Collections
2013 9,301,654      7,976,297       85.8% 854,213          8,830,510       94.9% -                      8,830,510      
2014 8,944,804      7,753,386       86.7% 1,695,585       9,448,971       105.6% -                      9,448,971      
2015 7,338,642      6,217,583       84.7% 1,025,219       7,242,802       98.7% -                      7,242,802      
2016 6,664,058      6,333,943       95.0% 920,576          7,254,519       108.9% -                      7,254,519      
2017 6,301,761      5,521,284       87.6% 67,744            5,589,028      88.7% 175,463          5,764,491       
2018 6,051,367      5,524,676       91.3% 52,989            5,577,665      92.2% 138,383          5,716,048       
2019 5,664,203      5,314,454       93.8% 484,767          5,799,221       102.4% -                      5,799,221      
2020 5,048,715      4,145,649       82.1% 362,648          4,508,297       89.3% -                      4,508,297      
2021 3,722,025      3,873,028       104.1% 51,303            3,924,331      105.4% 24,261            3,948,592      
2022 3,319,885      3,324,259       100.1% 30,260            3,354,519      101.0% -                      3,354,519      
     Source:  Johnson County 
      (1)  Collections include interest.
City of Olathe, Kansas
Special Assessment Collections
Last Ten Fiscal Years
60.0%
70.0%
80.0%
90.0%
100.0%
110.0%
120.0%
2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
Special Assessment and Total Collections as a Percent of Assessed
Excluding
Delinquent
Including
Delinquent
107Exhibit 13
 
General Special General State Total Percentage
Fiscal Obligation Obligation Revenue Capital Revenue Obligation Revolving Capital Primary of Personal Per
Year Bonds Bonds Bonds L eases Bonds Bonds Loan Leases Governm ent Income (1) Capita
2013 201,346,499    35,653,366     -                    520,070         61,003,683        15,880,000     22,526,925     10,345,822     347,276,365     1.7% 2,670              
2014 198,103,868    34,055,952     -                    420,696         58,740,557        14,745,000     21,014,983     9,154,514       336,235,570     1.8% 2,539              
2015 193,986,805    32,408,327     -                    304,857         75,907,189        13,585,000     19,463,078     7,971,817       343,627,073     1.8% 2,560              
2016 198,534,607    30,699,594     -                    87,774           72,706,973        12,405,000     17,754,002     6,721,860       338,909,810     1.8% 2,485              
2017 195,446,767    28,091,571     -                    3,622             79,531,354        11,195,000     16,361,106     5,432,563       336,061,983     2.0% 2,419              
2018 209,076,614    24,754,653     -                    951                87,987,835        9,945,000       15,000,389     4,029,068       350,794,510     2.0% 2,486              
2019 185,067,576    23,209,629     3,075,000     -                     99,536,787        8,650,000       13,674,379     2,549,498       335,762,869     2.2% 2,352              
2020 182,571,407    21,715,170     2,970,000     177,344          99,674,564        7,320,000       12,304,672     992,747          327,725,904    2.3% 2,253              
2021 250,551,965    20,077,454     2,860,000     108,759          107,019,622      5,950,000       10,889,817     -                     397,457,617    2.0% 2,674              
2022 245,035,556    18,352,001     5,765,000     37,309            113,107,447      4,115,000       9,428,314       -                     395,840,627    2.1% 2,608              
     (1)  For personal income and population data, see exhibit 18
City of Olathe, Kansas
Ratios of Outstanding Debt by Type
Last Ten Fiscal Years
Business-type ActivitiesGovernmental Activities
General
91.03%
Special
6.82%
Leases
0.01%
Revenue
2.14%
2022 Governmental Activities Outstanding Debt
Revenue
89.31%
General
3.25%
Revolving
7.44%
2022 Business-Type Activities Outstanding Debt
108Exhibit 14
Percentage of
General Reserved Net General Actual Taxabl e
Fiscal Obligation for Debt Obligation Assessed Value of Per
Year Debt Service Debt Valuation Property Population Capita
2013 217,226,499     22,881,695     194,344,804     1,279,238,000     15.19% 130,055              1,494              
2014 212,848,868     21,929,118     190,919,750     1,353,961,000     14.10% 132,437              1,442              
2015 207,571,805     21,369,827     186,201,978     1,460,496,000     12.75% 134,231              1,387              
2016 210,939,607     25,212,558     185,727,049     1,590,590,000     11.68% 136,394              1,362              
2017 206,641,767     29,519,397     177,122,370     1,741,496,000     10.17% 138,922              1,275              
2018 219,021,614     37,274,363     181,747,251     1,901,252,000     9.56% 141,116              1,288              
2019 193,717,576     45,262,320     148,455,256     2,022,942,000     7.34% 142,767              1,040              
2020 189,891,407     56,641,265     133,250,142     2,123,938,000     6.27% 145,459              916                 
2021 256,501,965     68,453,968     188,047,997     2,233,518,000     8.42% 148,665              1,265              
2022 249,150,556     73,329,071     175,821,485     2,424,766,000     7.25% 151,780              1,158              
City of Olathe, Kansas
Ratios of Net General Bonded Debt Outstanding
Last Ten Fiscal Years
$0
$200
$400
$600
$800
$1,000
$1,200
$1,400
$1,600
2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
Net Bonded Debt Per Capita
0.00%
5.00%
10.00%
15.00%
20.00%
2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
Percentage of Actual Taxable Value of Property
109 Exhibit 15 
Percentage    
Applicable    
 Net Debt to to the City  Estimated 
Taxing Unit Nearest Date of Olathe  Share 
Johnson County  $       598,805,000 18.22%  $       109,102,271 
USD 229           376,230,000 3.28%  $         12,340,344 
USD 230           220,910,000 40.79%  $         90,109,189 
USD 231           114,415,000 1.37%  $           1,567,486 
USD 232           160,585,000 2.11%  $           3,388,344 
USD 233           801,434,386 69.47%  $       556,756,468 
Johnson County Fire District #2               5,115,000 0.26%  $                13,299 
NW Cons Fire               1,268,178 0.05%  $                     634 
Total estimated overlapping deb
t           773,278,034 
City of Olathe's direct debt           269,067,616 
Total direct and overlapping debt  $    1,042,345,650 
Source: Johnson County
All Johnson County Taxing Units' debt is as of September 1, 2022.  All other districts' debt is as of 
June 30, 2022.
City of Olathe, Kansas
Direct and Overlapping Governmental Activities Debt
December 31, 2022
Note:  Overlapping governments are those that coincide, at least in part, with the geographic 
boundaries of the City.  This schedule estimates the portion of the outstanding debt of those 
overlapping governments that is borne by the residents and businesses of Olathe.  This process 
recognizes that, when considering the City's ability to issue and repay long-term debt, the entire debt 
burden borne by the residents and businesses should be taken into account.  However, this does not 
imply  that every taxpayer is a resident, and therefore responsible for repaying the debt, of each  
overlapping government.
110Exhibit 16
 
2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
Debt limit 430,956,078 $    455,980,038 $    490,122,542 $    531,685,602 $    579,500,865 $    630,366,375 $    669,510,564 $    637,181,262 $    670,055,497 $       727,429,838 $       
Total net debt applicable to limit 100,536,250       121,451,182       126,719,078       129,097,192       136,166,161       158,746,899       181,513,450       205,875,413       237,266,874          286,780,000          
Legal debt margin 330,419,828 $    334,528,856 $    363,403,464 $    402,588,410 $    443,334,704 $    471,619,476 $    487,997,114 $    431,305,849 $    432,788,623 $       440,649,838 $       
Total net debt applicable to the limit
  as a percentage of debt limit 23.33% 26.64% 25.85% 24.28% 23.50% 25.18% 27.11% 32.31% 35.41% 39.42%
Assessed valuation 2,424,766,125 $ 
Legal debt limit (1) 727,429,838       
Debt applicable to limit
  General obligation bonds 221,040,000       
  Temporary notes 65,740,000         
    Total general obligation debt outstanding 286,780,000       
  Less exempt capital projects (2) -                         
Debt margin 440,649,838$    
     (1) Represents the valuation arrived at by using a formula as required by K.S.A. 79-5037.  Debt
           limit is currently set at 30%.
     (2) Represents the debt associated with projects exempt from debt limit calculation in 
        accordance with K.S.A. 10-309.
Legal Debt Margin Calculation for Fiscal Year 2022
City of Olathe, Kansas
Legal Debt Margin Information
Last Ten Fiscal Years
Fiscal Year
$0
$100,000,000
$200,000,000
$300,000,000
$400,000,000
$500,000,000
$600,000,000
$700,000,000
$800,000,000
2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
Debt Limit vs. Legal
Debt Margin
Debt Limit Legal Debt Margin
111Exhibit 17
Net Revenue
Fiscal Current Available for Principal Interest
Year Revenues Expenses (1) Debt Service Requirement Requirement Coverage
2013 38,349,614      23,871,194         14,478,420         2,230,000           2,783,709           2.89                   
2014 39,327,067      24,801,732         14,525,335         2,165,000           2,789,113           2.93                   
2015 40,519,753      26,710,875         13,808,878         2,205,000           2,707,312           2.81                   
2016 44,771,642      27,342,877         17,428,765         3,065,000           3,253,529           2.76                   
2017 47,441,300      29,913,182         17,528,118         4,500,000           3,400,661           2.22                   
2018 50,659,278      31,706,303         18,952,975         3,400,000           3,698,015           2.67                   
2019 48,206,445      37,317,966         10,888,479         3,845,000           3,960,837           1.39                   
2020 53,340,380      36,173,340         17,167,040         4,450,000           4,115,468           2.00                   
2021 55,102,772      34,500,267         20,602,505         4,785,000           3,925,303           2.37                   
2022 58,544,396      38,126,779         20,417,617         5,220,000           3,168,331           2.43                   
Fiscal  Principal Interest Developers'  
Year Revenues Requirement Requirement Agreement Coverage
2013 3,965,586        3,128,965           1,086,367           943,425              0.77                    
2014 4,013,561        1,597,414           1,017,481           960,974              1.12                    
2015 4,415,841        1,647,626           998,084              1,177,222           1.16                    
2016 5,477,980        1,708,733           972,027              1,317,683           1.37                    
2017 6,326,642        2,608,023           977,560              3,048,153           0.95                    
2018 7,321,032        3,336,918           866,630              3,758,742           0.92                    
2019 7,052,725        1,545,024           733,876              3,467,661           1.23                    
2020 6,792,915        1,494,459           656,010              3,602,740           1.18                    
2021 8,277,930        1,637,716           650,664              4,084,962           1.30                    
2022 8,038,504        1,725,453           611,206              5,195,216           1.07                    
     (1)  Current expenses do not include bad debt expense, depreciation, or amortization.
     (2)  The City is only obligated for the amounts of incremental taxes received attributable to the 
           project.  Any deficiencies are the responsibility of the redeveloper.
Special Obligation Bonds and Developers' Agreements (2)
City of Olathe, Kansas
Pledged Revenue Coverage
Last Ten Fiscal Years
Water & Sewer Revenue Bonds
112Exhibit 18
 
Per Capita
Fiscal Personal Personal Unemployment
Year Population (3) Income (2)* Income Rates (1)
2013 130,055           7,741,384            59,524                4.1%
2014 132,437           7,955,489            60,070                3.2%
2015 134,231           8,322,972            62,005                2.8%
2016 136,394           8,322,993            61,483                2.9%
2017 138,922           8,385,912            66,063                2.4%
2018 141,116           9,177,604            69,977                2.5%
2019 142,767           9,874,874            74,108                2.2%
2020 145,549           11,006,827         75,670                3.5%
2021 148,665           11,994,448         80,681                2.5%
2022 151,780           12,830,722         84,535                2.5%
* In thousands of dollars
     (1) Source:  Kansas Department of Labor
     (2) Source:  Derived from the personal income from Johnson County provided
in the U.S. Department of Commerce Bureau of Economic Analysis
     (3) Source:  City of Olathe Planning Division
City of Olathe, Kansas
Demographic and Economic Statistics
Last Ten Fiscal Years
50,000
60,000
70,000
80,000
90,000
100,000
110,000
120,000
130,000
140,000
150,000
160,000
2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
Population
113Exhibit 19
2022 2013
 Percentage of  Percentage of
Largest   Total City   Total City 
Employers Employees Rank Population Employees Rank Population
Company
GARMIN International 4,600              1       3.09% 3,000              1       2.31%
Olathe Unified School District 4,500              2       3.03% 2,000              3       1.54%
Olathe Health System 2,500              3       1.68% 1,762              5       1.35%
Johnson County Government 2,400              4       1.61% 2,000              3       1.54%
Farmers Insurance 1,733              5       1.17% 3,000              1       2.31%
City of Olathe 962                 6       0.65% 826                 9       0.64%
TransAm Trucking 800                 7       0.54% 1,000              6       0.77%
TVH 670                 8       
FAA/Air Route Traffic Control Center 600                 9       0.40% 600                 10     0.46%
Honeywell Aerospace Electronic Systems 561                 10     0.38% 850                 8       0.65%
Covergys 0.00% 950                7       0.73%
    Total 19,326            12.55% 15,988            12.30%
     Source:  Olathe Chamber of Commerce
City of Olathe, Kansas
Principal Employers
Current Year and Nine Years Ago
114Exhibit 20
2013 201 4 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
Governmental
  General government 105 119 120 129 119 113 114 126 164 167
  Public safety 341 348 348 347 374 379 396 391 382 390
  Public works 134 126 134 135 128 140 130 85 147 144
  Community services 162 280 307 308 291 275 346 270 335 383
Business-Type
  Water & Sewer 134 123 125 129 152 150 149 143 117 127
  Solid Waste 61 59 60 60 62 59 59 63 60 61
  Totals 937                    1,055                  1,094                  1,108                  1,126                  1,116                  1,194                  1,078                  1,205                  1,272                  
Employees per budget 838                    865 870 889 911 924 950 962 962 1009
      Source: City's Payroll System
Note:  The number of employees by function include full-time, part-time, and other variable employees.  The annual budget does not include all variable employee types resulting in actual employees in excess of budgeted.
 
City of Olathe, Kansas
City Government Employees by Function/Program
Last Ten Fiscal Years
Fiscal Year
500
600
700
800
900
1000
1100
1200
1300
1400
Number of Employees
General 
government
13%
Public safety
31%
Public works
11%
Water & Sewer
10%
Solid Waste
5%
Employees by Function Current Year
115Exhibit 21
2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
Public safety
  Police         
    Violent Crime Rate per 1,000 residents 1.53% 1.46% 1.20% 1.43% 1.48% 1.91% 2.57% 1.18% 11.21%* 11.67%
    Property Crime Rate per 1,000 residents 17.33% 16.29% 16.21% 16.84% 15.48% 15.54% 15.23% 2.69% 27.29%* 25.22%
    Average calls for service per FTE - first responder 353 345 354 369 367 371 370 355 289 269
  Fire         
    Code 1 Emergencies response within 5 minutes 58% 51% 60% 53% 59% 61% 62% 64% 62% 60%
    Fire Confined to Object or Room of Origin 74% 87% 73% 76% 73% 79% 81% 93% 74% 52%
Public works         
  Governmental  activities
    Maintenance of City Streets - Satisfactory or above 70.00% 74.00% 69.00% 74.12% 75.72% 74.95% 75.44% 75.60% 70.80% 76.01%
    Major Street Snow Removal - Satisfactory or above 84.00% 85.00% 86.88% 84.94% 85.52% 86.04% 88.28% 92.48% 92.10% 91.32%
    Residential Streets Snow Removal -
      Satisfactory or above 59.00% 61.00% 64.33% 66.80% 70.23% 70.64% 75.00% 81.84% 80.40% 79.81%
    Maintenance of Sidewalks - Satisfactory or above 55.00% 61.00% 60.00% 57.20% 61.34% 60.00% 65.01% 63.86% 61.80% 62.98%
  Business-type activities
    Water and sewer
      Time water meets regulatory standards 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00% 100.00%
      Time wastewater meets effluent limits 100.00% 99.96% 99.86% 99.95% 100.00% 99.98% 100.00% 100.00% 99.98% 100.00%
    Solid waste  
      Tonnage diverted 38.29% 41.10% 43.88% 44.60% 45.27% 40.03% 42.42% 39.10% 38.85% 40.05%
Community services
Quality of Parks and Recreation Programs and Facilities
 - Satisfactory or above 89.00% 90.00% 88.00% 92.32% 91.88% 91.00% 93.45% 91.62% 93.10% 92.88%
Quality of Outdoor Athletic Fields
 - Satisfactory or above 81.00% 81.00% 89.00% 83.54% 82.19% 80.75% 84.05% 86.42% 82.70% 84.82%
Quality of Indoor Recreation Facilities
 - Satisfactory or above 65.00% 75.00% 92.00% 82.03% 80.97% 84.00% 82.73% 85.51% 81.60% 82.92%
Source:  Various City Departments and the annual Direction Finder Survey.
*The substantial increase in some police statistics is due to a change in reporting definitions to align with industry standards.
City of Olathe, Kansas
Operating Indicators by Function/Program
Last Ten Fiscal Years
Fiscal Year
116Exhibit 22
2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
Function/Program
Public safety
  Police
    Stations 111111111 1
    Patrol units 58 58 58 58 58 58 60 60 62 62
  Fire stations 777777778 8
Public works
  Governmental activities
    Streets (miles) 1,256                  1,256                  1,256                  1,275                  1,275                  1,275                  1,306                  1,372                 1345 1368
  Business-type activities
    Water and sewer
      Water mains (miles) 590 590 590 600 600 600 600 600 627 632
      Acre wellfield 95 95 95 95 95 95 95 95 95 190
      Sanitary sewers (miles) 410 410 410 439 449 449 449 449 461 465
    Solid waste 
      Collection trucks 43 43 43 43 43 43 43 43 44 44
Community services
  Acreage 1,559                  1,559                  1,559                  1,559                  1,559                  1,559                  1,559                  1,978                 
1,367 1,916
  Parks 45 45 45 45 45 45 45 45 43 43
  Swimming Facilities 445555556 6
  Trails (miles) 31 31 31 33 33 32 58 71 79 45
 
Source: Various city departments
Note: No capital asset indicators are available for the general government.
City of Olathe, Kansas
Capital Asset Statistics by Function/Program
Last Ten Fiscal Years
Fiscal Year
117Exhibit 23
Number of Customers
The following table lists the approximate number of customers of the System for the last ten fiscal years.
Water Sewer
Year Customers Customers
2013 34,860              29,004                
2014 35,090              29,303                
2015 35,323              29,633                
2016 35,559              29,891                
2017 35,879              30,262                
2018 36,120              30,602                
2019 36,600              30,830                
2020 37,137              31,533                
2021 36,947              31,669                
2022 37,234              31,701                
Water Production Requirements
The following table indicates historical water production requirements and comparison to the previous year.
Gallons Percent Gallons Percent
Year (in millions) Change (in millions) Change
2013 13.64 -15.5% 4,976.95             -15.9%
2014 12.14 -11.0% 4,419.31             -11.2%
2015 11.30 -6.9% 3,634.00             -17.8%
2016 12.60 11.5% 4,585.00             26.2%
2017 11.82 -6.2% 4,304.00             -6.1%
2018 12.92 9.3% 4,717.27             9.6%
2019 11.75 -9.1% 4,289.66             -9.1%
2020 12.44 5.9% 4,541.29             5.9%
2021 12.74 2.4% 4,653.74             2.5%
2022 13.00 2.0% 4,900.00             5.3%
City of Olathe, Kansas
Water and Sewer Information
Last Ten Fiscal Years
Average Daily Demand Annual Demand
118Exhibit 23
City of Olathe, Kansas
Water and Sewer Information
Last Ten Fiscal Years
Sewage Treatment Requirements
The following table indicates historical sewage treatment requirements of the City, but does not include that
portion of the City that is served by the Johnson County Unified Wastewater District.
Gallons Percent Gallons Percent
Year (in millions) Change (in millions) Change
2013 5.74 3.6% 2,105                  3.5%
2014 5.11 -11.0% 1,893                  -10.1%
2015 6.28 22.9% 2,298                  21.4%
2016 5.95 -5.3% 2,186                  -4.9%
2017 5.60 -5.9% 2,044                  -6.5%
2018 5.15 -8.0% 1,899                  -7.1%
2019 6.88 33.6% 2,535                  33.5%
2020 5.68 -17.4% 2,092                  -17.5%
2021 6.41 12.9% 2,338                  11.8%
2022 6.23 -2.8% 2,306                  -1.4%
Water and Sewer Peak Daily Demand
The following table indicates the peak daily demand of the water system and the maximum daily flow for
the sewage treatment system for each of the last ten years.
Year
2013 28.57                18.21
2014 24.12                18.08
2015 19.30                25.76
2016 24.68                31.28
2017 21.50                28.54
2018 25.26                35.20
2019 22.50                36.34
2020 22.41                29.09
2021 24.37                30.98
2022 26.51                23.30
continued
(millions of gallons) (millions of gallons)
Average Daily Flow Annual Demand
Water System
Peak Daily Demand
Sewage System
Maximum Daily Flow
119Exhibit 23
Largest Customers
The following table lists the ten largest users of the System based on the percentage of total 2022 revenue
generated by each.
2022
Water Billing
Rural Water District 6 Rural Water 571,792 $         2.64%
New Century Air Center Wholesale 396,484            1.83%
Rural Water District 7 Rural Water 355,467            1.64%
FSI Santa Barbara Property LLC Multi-family 157,880            0.73%
Olathe Medical Center Hospital 149,938            0.69%
Cintas Services 63,522              0.29%
Geiger Ready Mix Industrial 47,913              0.22%
Green Lantern Car Wash LLC Car Wash 45,810              0.21%
QuickTrip Services 43,562              0.20%
Garmin International Industrial 43,019              0.20%
2022
Sewer Charge
Olathe Medical Center Hospital 125,252 $         0.79%
Cintas Services 116,608            0.73%
Green Lantern Car Wash LLC Car wash 89,922              0.56%
AMC Theatres Mail Stop 4 Industrial 56,713              0.36%
Good Samaritan Center Multi-family 54,300              0.34%
Villa St Francis Multi-family 53,764              0.34%
ExxonMobil Grease Plant Industrial 53,155              0.33%
HAMM Incorporated Industrial 52,946              0.33%
Jerrerson on the Lake Multi-family 47,570              0.30%
Johnson County Adult Detention Government 46,989              0.30%
 
Customer Enterprise System Revenues
Customer Enterprise System Revenues
Sewer System
Percentage of
Type of Total 2022
Type of Total 2022
City of Olathe, Kansas
Water and Sewer Information
Water System
Percentage of
120Exhibit 24
Workers' Health & General
Compensastion Dental Liability Other Total
Assets
Current assets
  Cash and cash equivalents 6,178,106 $      7,227,072 $      3,141,505 $      - $                    16,546,683$   
      Total current assets 6,178,106         7,227,072         3,141,505         -                       16,546,683     
Noncurrent assets
  Restricted assets
    Deposit -                       11,000             -                       -                       11,000            
      Total restricted assets -                       11,000             -                       -                       11,000            
Total assets 6,178,106 $      7,238,072 $      3,141,505 $      - $                    16,557,683$   
Liabilities
Current liabilities
  Accounts and claims payable 1,742,893 $      1,168,800 $      342,686 $         - $                    3,254,379$     
  Due to other funds -                       -                       -                       1,504               1,504               
  Compensated absences 453                   6,578                -                       -                       7,031              
    Total current liabilities 1,743,346         1,175,378         342,686            1,504                3,262,914       
Noncurrent liabilities
  Deposit -                       11,000             -                       -                       11,000            
  Compensated absences 322                   5,203                -                       -                       5,525              
    Total noncurrent liabilities 322                   16,203             -                       -                       16,525            
Total liabilities 1,743,668         1,191,581         342,686            1,504                3,279,439       
Net position
Unrestricted 4,434,438         6,046,491         2,798,819         (1,504)              13,278,244     
Total liabilities and net position 6,178,106 $      7,238,072 $      3,141,505 $      - $                    16,557,683$   
Operating revenues
  Charges for services 1,620,778 $      20,944,431 $    2,057,556
$      44,788 $           24,667,553$   
Operating expenses
  Administration and general 2,226,080         19,863,308       2,139,658         174,730            24,403,776     
      Operating income (loss) (605,302)          1,081,123         (82,102)            (129,942)          263,777           
 
Nonoperating revenues (expenses)
  Interest income 64,653              76,038              33,794              373                   174,858          
  Transfer out -                       -                       -                       -                       -                       
      Net income (loss) (540,649)          1,157,161         (48,308)            (129,569)          438,635           
Net position - beginning of year 4,975,087         4,889,330         2,847,127         128,065            12,839,609     
Net position - end of year 4,434,438 $      6,046,491 $      2,798,819 $      (1,504) $           13,278,244$   
City of Olathe, Kansas
Risk Management Fund
December 31, 2022
121(THIS PAGE LEFT BLANK INTENTIONALLY) 
D-1 
APPENDIX D 
 
ESTIMATED SYSTEM REVENUES AND EXPENDITURES  
WATER AND SEWER FUND 
(FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED 12/31/2023) 
 
 
Net Position – January 1, 2023 $318,530,021 
  
Est. Total Revenues(a) 51,106,705 
Est. Total Expenditures(b) (53,553,727) 
 
Est. Change in Fund Balance  
 
(2,447,022) 
  
 
Est. Net Position – December 31, 2023 
 
$316,082,999 
 
 
(a) Not representative of Gross Revenues as defined in the Bond Resolution. 
(b) Not representative of Current Expenses as defined in the Bond Resolution. Includes depreciation and 
amortization and interest on revenue bonds of the System. 
 
 
 
 (THIS PAGE LEFT BLANK INTENTIONALLY) 
E-1 
APPENDIX E 
 
SUMMARY OF FINANCING DOCUMENTS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 (THIS PAGE LEFT BLANK INTENTIONALLY) 
 
 
E-1 
 
SUMMARY OF THE BOND RESOLUTION   
 
The following is a summary of certain provisions contained in the Resolution authorizing the issuance 
of the Series 2023 Bonds. The following is not a comprehensive description, however, and is qualified in its 
entirety by reference to the Resolution for a complete recital of the terms thereof. 
 
Definitions 
 
 In addition to words and terms defined elsewhere in this Official Statement, the following are 
definitions of certain words and terms used in the Resolution and this Official Statement unless the context 
clearly otherwise requires.  Reference is hereby made to the Resolution for complete definitions of all terms. 
 
 “Additional Bonds” means any bonds or other obligations secured by the Net Revenues and hereafter 
issued pursuant to and in accordance with the Resolution. 
 
 “Authorized Investments ” shall mean the investments hereinafter described, provided, however, no 
monies or funds shall be invested in a Derivative:  (a) investments authorized by K.S.A. 12 -1675 and 
amendments thereto; (b) the municip al investment pool established pursuant to K.S.A. 12 -1677a, and 
amendments thereto; (c) direct obligations of the United States Government or any agency thereof; (d) the City’s 
temporary notes issued pursuant to K.S.A. 10-123 and amendments thereto; (e) interest-bearing time deposits in 
commercial banks or trust companies located in the county or counties in which the City is located which are 
insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or collateralized by securities described in (c); (f) 
obligations of the federal national mortgage association, federal home loan banks or the federal home loan 
mortgage corporation; (g) repurchase agreements for securities described in (c) or (f); (h) investment agreements 
or other obligations of a financial institution the obligations of which at the time of investment are rated in either 
of the three highest rating categories by Moody’s or Standard & Poor’s; (i) investments and shares or units of a 
money market fund or trust, the portfolio of which is comprised entirely of securities described in (c) or (f); (j) 
receipts evidencing ownership interests in securities or portions thereof described in (c) or (f); (k) municipal 
bonds or other obligations issued by any municipality of the State as defined in K.S.A. 10-1101 which are general 
obligations of the municipality issuing the same; (l) bonds of any municipality of the State as defined in K.S.A. 
10-1101 which have been refunded in advance of their maturity and are fully secured as to payment of principal 
and interest thereon by deposit in trust, under escrow agreement with a bank, of securities described in (c) or (f); 
or (m) other investment obligations authorized by the laws of the State, all as may be further restricted or 
modified by amendments to applicable State law. 
 
 “Average Annual Debt Service” means the average of the Debt Service Requirements as computed for 
the then current and all future fiscal years ; provided that the Debt Service Requirements in the final Stated 
Maturity of any series of Parity Bonds shall be reduced by the value of cash and permitted investments on deposit 
in the applicable Bond Reserve Account, so long as such Bond Reserve Account is maintained at the applicable 
Bond Reserve Requirement. 
 
 “Bond Counsel” means the firm of Gilmo re & Bell, P.C. or any other attorney or firm of attorneys 
whose expertise in matters relating to the issuance of obligations by states and their political subdivisions is 
nationally recognized and acceptable to the City. 
 
 “Bond Reserve Account” means the Bond Reserve Account for Water and Sewer System Improvement 
Revenue Bonds, Series 2023, created by the Resolution. 
 
 “Bond Reserve Requirement” means an amount equal to $397,900. 
  
 
 
E-2 
 
 “Bondowner” means the same as the term Owner. 
 
 “Business Day” means a day on which financial institutions located in New York, New York or Topeka, 
Kansas are not required or authorized to remain closed. 
 
 “Cede & Co. ” means Cede & Co., as nominee name of The Depository Trust Company, New York, 
New York. 
 
 “City” means the City of Olathe, Kansas. 
 
 “City Clerk” shall mean the duly appointed and acting City Clerk or, in the City Clerk ’s absence, the 
duly appointed Deputy City Clerk or Acting City Clerk of the City.   
 
 “Code” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, together with any regulations applicable 
thereto or promulgated thereunder by the United States Department of the Treasury. 
 
 “Consultant” means the Consulting Engineer, the Independent Accountant, or an independent consultant 
qualified and having a favorable reputation for skill and experience in financial affairs selected by the City for the 
purpose of carrying out the duties imposed on the Consultant by the Parity Bond Resolutions. 
 
 “Consulting Engineer” means an independent engineer or engineering firm, having a reputation for skill 
and experience in the construction and operation of public utilities, at the time employed by the City for the 
purpose of carrying out the duties imposed on the Consulting Engineer by the Resolution. 
 
 “Costs of Issuance” means all costs of issuing any series of Bonds, including all publication, printing, 
signing and mailing expenses in connection therewith, registration fees, financial advisory fees, all legal fees and 
expenses of Bond Counsel and other legal counsel, expenses incurred in connection with compliance with the 
Code, all expenses incurred in connection with receiving financial ratings on any series of Bonds, and any 
premiums or expenses incurred in obtaining any credit enhancement. 
 
 “Costs of Issuance Account” means the Costs of Issuance Account for Water and Sewer System  
Improvement Revenue Bonds, Series 2023, created by the Resolution. 
 
 “Current Expenses” means all necessary expenses of operation, maintenance and repair of the System, 
including, current maintenance charges, expenses of reasonable upkeep and repairs, properly allocated share of 
charges for insurance, and all other expenses incident to the operation of the System, but shall exclude 
depreciation and amortization charges, interest paid on revenue bonds of the System, all general administrative 
expenses of the City not related to the operation of the System, and the payments into the Bond Reserve Account 
provided for in the Resolution. 
 
 “Dated Date” means the Issue Date. 
 
 “Debt S ervice Coverage Ratio” means, for any fiscal year the ratio determined by dividing (i) a 
numerator equal to the Net Revenues for such fiscal year by (ii) a denominator equal to the Average Annual Debt 
Service; provided that with respect to Additional Bonds  that are proposed to be Parity Bonds, Debt Service 
Requirements on junior lien bonds issued pursuant to the Resolution or pursuant to any other Parity Bond 
Resolutions shall be disregarded. 
 
 “Debt Service Requirements” shall mean the required payments of principal, premium, if any, and 
interest on the Bonds, any Parity Bonds and any Additional Bonds in accordance with the terms and provisions of  
 
 
E-3 
 
the Resolution; provided, however, that for purposes of calculating such amounts, principal and interest shall be 
excluded from the determination of Debt Service Requirements to the extent that such principal or interest is 
payable from amounts deposited in trust, escrowed or otherwise set aside for the payment thereof. 
 
 “Defaulted Interest” means any interest on the Bonds which is payable but is not punctually paid on any 
Interest Payment Date. 
 
 “Derivative” means any investment instrument whose market price is derived from the fluctuating 
value of an underlying asset, index, c urrency, futures contract, including futures, options and collateralized 
mortgage obligations. 
 
 “Disclosure Undertaking” means the City’s Continuing Disclosure Undertaking dated as of the Dated 
Date, relating to certain obligations contained in Rule 15c2 -12 adopted by the Securities and Exchange 
Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as may be amended from time to time. 
 
 “Event of Default” means each of the following occurrences or events: 
 
  (a) Payment of the principal of and interest and the redemption premium, if any, on any of 
the Bonds shall not be made when the same shall become due and payable, either at Stated Maturity or 
by proceedings for redemption or otherwise; or 
 
  (b) The City shall default in the due and punctual performance of any other of the 
covenants, conditions, agreements and provisions contained in the Bonds , in the Ordinance or  in the 
Resolution on the part of the City to be performed, and such default shall continue for thirty (30) days 
after written notice specifying such default and requiring the same to be remedied shall have been given 
to the City by the owner of any of the Bonds then Outstanding; or 
 
  (c) The filing by the City of a voluntary petition in bankruptcy, or failure by the City to 
promptly lift any execution, garnishment or attachment of such consequence as would impair the ability 
of the City to carry on its operation, or adjudication of the City as a bankrupt, or assignment by the City 
for the benefit of creditors, or the entry by the City into an agreement of composition with creditors, or 
the approval by a court of competent jurisdiction of a petition applicable to the City in any proceedings 
instituted under the provisions of federal bankruptcy law, or under any similar acts which may hereafter 
be enacted. 
 
 “Federal Tax Certificate” means the Federal Tax Certificate (dated as of the Issue Date), as the same 
may be amended or supplemented in accordance with its terms. 
  
 “Governing Body” means the City Council of the City of Olathe or any successor governing body. 
 
 “Gross Revenues” means all charges, fees, income and revenues (including interest and investment 
earnings) derived and collected by the City from the operation and ownership of the System, including, without 
limitation the System Development Charge collected pursuant to Section 13.26 of the Municipal Code of the 
City, as amended, and any rate, fee or charge that succeeds to the System Development Charge, any amounts 
deposited in connection with the acquisition, construction, remodeling, renovation and equipping of facilities to 
be applied during the period of determination to pay debt service on revenue bonds of the System , and net 
proceeds of any business interruption insurance, but excluding any profits or losses on the early extinguishment 
of debt or on the sale or other disposition, not in the ordinary course of business, of investments or fixed or capital 
assets.  
 
 
E-4 
 
 
 “Independent Accountant” means an independent certified accountant or firm of certified accountants at 
the time employed by the City for the purpose of carrying out the duties imposed on the Independent Accountant 
by the Resolution. 
 
 “Issue Date” means the date when the City delivers the Bonds to the Purchaser in exchange for the 
Purchase Price. 
 
 “Maturity” when used with respect to any Bond means the date on which the principal of such Bond 
becomes due and payable, whether at the Stated Maturity thereof or call for redemption or otherwise. 
 
 “Net Revenues” means Gross Revenues less Current Expenses. 
 
 “Operation and Maintenance Account” means the Water and Sewer System Operation and Maintenance 
Account created by the Resolution. 
 
 “Ordinance” means the ordinance authorizing the issuance of the Series 2023 Bonds, as from time to 
time amended in accordance with the terms thereof.  
 
 “Outstanding” shall mean, as of a particular date, all bonds previously issued, authenticated and 
delivered under the provisions of the Resolution, except: 
 
  (a) bonds theretofore cancelled by the Paying Agent or delivered to the Paying Agent for 
cancellation pursuant to the Resolution; 
 
  (b) bonds for the payment or redemption of which monies o r investments have been 
deposited in accordance with the Resolution; and 
 
  (c) bonds in exchange for or in lieu of which other bonds have been authenticated and 
delivered pursuant to the Resolution, 
 
 “Owner” or “Registered Owner” when used with respect to any Bond means the person in whose name 
such Bond is registered on the Bond Register. 
 
 “Parity Bonds” means the Bonds, the Series 2012 Bonds, the Series 2015 Bonds, the Series 2017 Bonds, 
the Series 2018 Bonds, the Series 2019 Bonds, the Series 2020 Bonds, the Series 2021 Bonds, Series 2022 Bonds 
and any Additional Bonds hereinafter issued pursuant to the Resolution and standing on a parity and equality with 
the Bonds with respect to the payment of principal and interest out of the Net Revenues of the System. 
 
 “Parity Bond Resolutions” means jointly the Series 2012 Resolution, the Series 2015 Resolution, the 
Series 2017 Resolution, the Series 2018 Resolution, the Series 2019 Resolution, Series 2020 Resolution, the 2021 
Resolution, the Series 2022 Bond Resolution, the Ordinance, the Resolution, and the ordinances and resolutions 
under which any additional Parity Bonds shall be issued. 
  
 “Person” means any individual, corporation, partnership, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, 
trust, unincorporated organization, or government or any agency or political subdivision thereof. 
 
 “Principal and Interest Account” means the Principal and Interest Account for Water and Sewer System 
Improvement Revenue Bonds, Series 2023 created by the Resolution.   
 
 
E-5 
 
 
 “Principal Payment Dates” shall mean July 1 of each year, commencing July 1, 2024, until such time as 
the aggregate principal amount of the Bonds has been paid or provision is made for the payment thereof, whether 
at Stated Maturity or Redemption Date.   
 
 “Project” means the extension, enlargement and improvement of the System, described in the 
Resolution. 
 
 “Project Account” means the Project Account for Water and Sewer System Improvement Revenue 
Bonds, Series 2023, created by the Resolution. 
  
 “Purchase Price” shall mean principal amount of the Series 2023  Bonds, plus a premium of 
$269,142.30, less an underwriting discount of $50,160.00. 
 
 “Rebate Fund” means the Rebate Fund for Water and Sewer System Improvement Revenue Bonds, 
Series 2023, created by the Resolution. 
 
 “Record Date” means the fifteenth day of the month (whether or not a business day) next preceding each 
Interest Payment Date in each year the Bonds are Outstanding. 
 
 “Redemption Date” when used with respect to any Bond to be redeemed means the date fixed for such 
redemption pursuant to the terms of the Resolution. 
 
 “Redemption Price” when used with respect to any Bond to be redeemed means the price at which such 
Bond is to be redeemed, including the applicable redemption premium, if any, but excluding installments of 
interest whose Stated Maturity is on or before the Redemption Date. 
 
 “Resolution” means the resolution authorizing the issuance of the Series 2023 Bonds. 
 
 “Revenue Fund” means the Water and Sewer System Revenue Fund referred to in the Resolution.  
 
“Series 2012 Bonds” means the Water and Sewer System Revenue Bonds, Series 2012, authorized by 
the Series 2012 Resolution. 
 
“Series 2015 Bonds” means the Water and Sewer System Revenue Bonds, Series 2015, authorized by 
the Series 2015 Resolution. 
 
“Series 2017 Bonds” means the Water and Sewer System Improvement and Refunding Revenue Bonds, 
Series 2017, authorized by the Series 2017 Resolution. 
 
 “Series 2018 Bonds” means the Water and Sewer System Revenue Bonds, Series 2018, authorized by 
the Series 2018 Resolution. 
 
 “Series 2019 Bonds” means the Water and Sewer System Improvement and Refunding Revenue Bonds, 
Series 2019, authorized by the Series 2019 Resolution. 
 
 “Series 2020 Bonds” means the Water and Sewer System Improvement and Refunding Revenue Bonds, 
Series 2020, authorized by the Series 2020 Resolution. 
  
 
 
E-6 
 
 “Series 2021 Bonds” means the Water and Sewer System Improvement and Refunding Revenue 
Bonds, Series 2021, authorized by the Series 2021 Resolution. 
 
 “Series 2022 Bonds” means the Water and Sewer System Improvement Revenue Bonds, Series 
2022, authorized by the Series 2022 Resolution. 
 
 “Series 2023 Bonds” means the Water and Sewer System Improvement Revenue Bonds, Series 
2023, authorized by the Ordinance. 
 
 “Series 2012 Resolution” means Ordinance No. 12-59 and Resolution No. 12-1076 of the City passed on 
December 4, 2012, authorizing the issuance of the Series 2012 Bonds. 
 
 “Series 2015 Resolution” means Ordinance No. 15-57 and Resolution No. 15-1078 of the City passed on 
September 15, 2015, authorizing the issuance of the Series 2015 Bonds. 
 
“Series 2017 Resolution” means Ordinance No. 17-19 and Resolution No. 17-1026 of the City passed on 
March 21, 2017, authorizing the issuance of the Series 2017 Bonds. 
 
“Series 2018 Resolution” means Ordinance No. 18-11 and Resolution No. 18-1034 of the City passed on 
March 20, 2018, authorizing the issuance of the Series 2018 Bonds. 
 
“Series 2019 Resolution” means Ordinance No. 19-11 and Resolution No. 19-1027 of the City passed on 
April 2, 2019, authorizing the issuance of the Series 2019 Bonds. 
 
 “Series 2020 Resolution” means Ordinance No. 20 -18 and Resolution No. 20 -1037 of the City 
passed on May 19, 2020, authorizing the issuance of the Series 2020 Bonds. 
 
“Series 2021 Resolution” means Ordinance No. 21-20 and Resolution No. 21-1034 of the City passed on 
May 4, 2021, authorizing the issuance of the Series 2021 Bonds. 
 
 “Series 2022 Resolution” means Ordinance No. 22 -28 and Resolution No. 22 -1047 of the City  
passed on June 21, 2022, authorizing the issuance of the Series 2022 Bonds. 
 
 “Special Record Date” means a date fixed by the Bond Registrar for the payment of any Defaulted 
Interest. 
 
 “State Treasurer” means the duly elected Treasurer or, in the Treasur er's absence, the duly appointed 
Deputy Treasurer or acting Treasurer of the State. 
 
 “Stated Maturity” when used with respect to any Bond or any installment of interest thereon means the 
date specified in such Bond as the fixed date on which the principal of such Bond or such installment of interest 
is due and payable. 
 
 “Substitute Project” means a substitute or additional project of the System authorized in the manner 
set forth in the Parity Bond Resolution. 
 
 “Surplus Account” means the Water and Sewer System Surplus Account referred to in the Resolution.  
  
 
 
E-7 
 
 “System” means the entire water works plant and system and sewerage plant and system owned and 
operated by the City for the production, storage, treatment and distribution of water and for the collection, 
treatment and disposal of sewage together with all alterations, repairs, extensions , enlargements and 
improvements thereto hereafter made or acquired by the City. 
 
 “Term Bonds” means any Bonds designated as Term Bonds in the  Resolution or in any supplemental 
resolution authorizing the issuance of Additional Bonds. 
 
 “Treasurer” means the duly appointed and acting Treasurer of the City or, in the Treasurer’s absence, the 
duly appointed Deputy Treasurer or acting Treasurer of the City. 
  
Creation of Funds and Accounts 
 
 The Resolution creates, ratifies and orders to be established and maintained in the treasury of the City the 
following separate accounts to be known respectively as the: 
 
Water and Sewer System Revenue Fund (the “Revenue Fund”). 
 
Water and Sewer System Operation and Maintenance Account (the “Operation and 
Maintenance Account”). 
 
Water and Sewer System Surplus Account (the “Surplus Account”). 
 
Principal and Interest Account for Water and Sewer System Revenue Bonds, Series 2012. 
 
Bond Reserve Account for Water and Sewer System Revenue Bonds, Series 2012.  
 
Project Account for Water and Sewer System Revenue Bonds, Series 2012. 
 
Rebate Fund for Water and Sewer System Revenue Bonds, Series 2012. 
 
Principal and Interest Account for Water and Sewer System Revenue Bonds, Series 2015. 
 
Bond Reserve Account for Water and Sewer System Revenue Bonds, Series 2015.  
 
Project Account for Water and Sewer System Revenue Bonds, Series 2015. 
 
Rebate Fund for Water and Sewer System Revenue Bonds, Series 2015. 
 
Principal and Interest Account for Water and Sewer System Improvement and R efunding 
Revenue Bonds, Series 2017. 
 
Bond Reserve Account for Water and Sewer System Improvement and Refunding Revenue 
Bonds, Series 2017. 
 
Project Account for Water and Sewer System Improvement and Refunding Revenue Bonds, 
Series 2017. 
   
 
 
E-8 
 
Rebate Fund for Water and Sewer System Improvement and Refunding Revenue Bonds, Series 
2017. 
 
Principal and Interest Account for Water and Sewer System Revenue Bonds, Series 2018. 
 
Bond Reserve Account for Water and Sewer System Revenue Bonds, Series 2018.  
 
Project Account for Water and Sewer System Revenue Bonds, Series 2018. 
 
Rebate Fund for Water and Sewer System Revenue Bonds, Series 2018. 
 
Principal and Interest Account for Water and Sewer System Improvement and Refunding 
Revenue Bonds, Series 2019. 
 
Bond Reserve Account for Water and Sewer System Improvement and Refunding Revenue 
Bonds, Series 2019.  
 
Project Account for Water and Sewer System Improvement and Refunding Revenue Bonds, 
Series 2019. 
 
Rebate Fund for Water and Sewer System Improvement and Refunding Revenue Bonds, Series 
2019. 
 
Principal and Interest Account for Water and Sewer System Improvement and Refunding 
Revenue Bonds, Series 2020.  
 
Bond Reserve Account for Water and Sewer System Improvement and Refunding Revenue 
Bonds, Series 2020.  
 
Project Account for Water and Sewer System Improvement and Refunding Revenue Bonds, 
Series 2020. 
 
Rebate Fund for Water and Sewer System Improvement and Refunding Revenue Bonds, Series 
2020. 
 
Principal and Interest Account for Water and Sewer System Impr ovement and Refunding 
Revenue Bonds, Series 2021.  
 
Bond Reserve Account for Water and Sewer System Improvement and Refunding Revenue 
Bonds, Series 2021.  
 
Project Account for Water and Sewer System Improvement and Refunding Revenue Bonds, 
Series 2021. 
 
Rebate Fund for Water and Sewer System Improvement and Refunding Revenue Bonds, Series 
2021. 
 
Principal and Interest Account for Water and Sewer System Improvement Revenue Bonds, 
Series 2022.   
 
 
E-9 
 
 
Bond Reserve Account for Water and Sewer System Improvement Revenue Bonds, Series 
2022.  
 
Project Account for Water and Sewer System Improvement Revenue Bonds, Series 2022. 
 
Rebate Fund for Water and Sewer System Improvement Revenue Bonds, Series 2022. 
 
Principal and Interest Account for Water and Sewer System Improv ement Revenue Bonds, 
Series 2023 (the “Principal and Interest Account”). 
 
Bond Reserve Account for Water and Sewer System Improvement Revenue Bonds, Series 
2023 (the “Bond Reserve Account”).  
 
Project Account for Water and Sewer System Improvement Revenue Bonds, Series 2023 (the 
“Project Account”). 
 
Rebate Fund for Water and Sewer System Improvement Revenue Bonds, Series 2023 (the 
“Rebate Fund”). 
 
Costs of Issuance Account for Water and Sewer System Improvement Revenue Bonds, Series 
2023 (the “Cost of Issuance Account”). 
 
Ratification of Funds and Accounts for Parity Bonds 
 
 The separate funds and accounts previously created and established pursuant to the Parity Bond 
Resolutions shall be maintained and administered by the City solely for the purposes and in the manner as 
provided in the Parity Bond Resolutions, so long as any of the Parity Bonds remain Outstanding within the 
meaning of any Parity Bond Resolution. 
 
Disposition of Bond Proceeds and Other Moneys 
 
The net proceeds received from the sale of the Series 2023 Bonds shall be deposited simultaneously with 
the delivery of the Series 2023 Bonds as follows: (a) in the Principal and Interest Account a sum equal to the 
accrued interest on the Bonds; (b) in the Bond Reserve Account, the Bond Reserve Requirement; (c) in the Costs 
of Issuance Account the sum equal to the amount necessary to pay the estimated costs of issuance; and (d) in the 
Project Account, the remaining balance of the proceeds of the Bonds. 
 
Application of Monies in the Project Account 
 
Monies in the Project Account shall be used for the sole purpose of (a) paying the costs of the Project, 
in accordance with the plans and specifications therefor prepared for the Project, heretofore approved by the 
Governing Body of the City and on file in the office of the City Clerk, including any alterations in or 
amendments to said plans and specifications deemed advisable by t he City; (b) making transfers to the 
Principal and Interest Account to pay interest on the Bonds during construction of the Projects; and (c) 
transferring any amounts to the Rebate Fund as required by the Resolution. 
 
 Withdrawals from the Project Account shall be made only when authorized by the Governing Body of 
the City and only on duly authorized and executed warrants therefor accompanied by a certificate executed by 
the Treasurer or his or her designee that such payment is being made for a purpose within the scope of the   
 
 
E-10 
 
Resolution and that the amount of such payment represents only the contract price of the property, equipment, 
labor, materials or service being paid for or, if such payment is not being made pursuant to an express contract, 
that such payment is not in excess of the reasonable value thereof.  
 
 Upon completion of the Project, any surplus remaining in the Project Account shall be deposited in the 
Principal and Interest Account. 
 
Application of Monies in the Costs of Issuance Account 
 
 Monies in the Costs of Issuance Account shall be used to pay the Costs of Issuance.  Any funds 
remaining in the Costs of Issuance Account, after payment of all Costs of Issuance, but not later than January 1, 
2024, shall be transferred to the Project Account until completion of the Project and thereafter to the Principal and 
Interest Account. 
 
Deposits into and Application of Monies in the Rebate Fund 
 
 There shall be deposited in the Rebate Fund such amounts as are required to be deposited therein 
pursuant to the Federal Tax Certificate.  All money at any time deposited in the Rebate Fund shall be held in 
trust, to the extent required to pay rebatable arbitrage to the federal government of the United States of America, 
and neither the City nor the owner of any Bonds shall have any rights in or claim to such money.  All amounts 
deposited into or on deposit in the Rebate Fund shall be governed by this Section and by the Federal Tax 
Certificate (which is incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 The City shall periodically determine the rebatable arbitrage under Section 148 of the Code in 
accordance with the Federal Tax Certificate, and the City shall make payments to the United States Government 
at the times and in the amounts determined under the Federal Tax C ertificate.  Any monies remaining in the 
Rebate Fund after redemption and payment of all of the Bonds and payment and satisfaction of any rebatable 
arbitrage, or provision made therefor, shall be withdrawn and released to the City. 
 
 Notwithstanding any other provision of the Resolution, the obligation to remit rebatable arbitrage to the 
United States and to comply with all other requirements of this Section and the Federal Tax Certificate shall 
survive the defeasance or payment in full of the Bonds. 
 
Revenue Fund   
 
 The City covenants and agrees that from and after the delivery of the Bonds, and continuing as long as 
any of the Bonds remain outstanding and unpaid, all of the revenues derived and collected by the City from the 
operation of the System will be paid and d eposited into the Revenue Fund, and that said revenues shall be 
segregated and kept separate and apart from all other monies, revenues, funds and accounts of the City and shall 
not be mingled with any other monies, revenues, funds and accounts of the City.   The Revenue Fund shall be 
administered and applied solely for the purposes and in the manner provided in the Resolution.  
 
Application of Monies in the Revenue Fund   
 
 The City covenants and agrees that from and after the delivery of the Bonds and continuing so long as 
any of the Bonds shall remain Outstanding and unpaid, the City will on the first day of each month administer 
and allocate all of the monies then held in the Revenue Fund as follows:  
 
  (A) Operation and Maintenance Account . An amount equ al to the anticipated Current 
Expenses for the ensuing month shall be deposited into the Operation and Maintenance Account.  All  
 
 
E-11 
 
Current Expenses of the System shall be paid as bills accrue, and such bills shall be paid by a proper 
system of vouchers.  Such amounts as may be necessary in the opinion of the governing body of the City 
to pay the reasonable and proper Current Expenses of the System for a period of sixty (60) days may be 
retained and accumulated in the Operation and Maintenance Account before t ransfers to the other 
Accounts hereinafter provided for. 
 
  (B) Principal and Interest Account.  The City shall set aside and transfer monthly from the 
Revenue Fund to the Principal and Interest Account, beginning on the first said monthly payments, 
proportionate monthly amounts (less accrued credits to such Account) of the (i) next maturing interest on 
the Bonds; and (ii) next maturing principal on the Bonds, to the end that at all times one (1) month prior 
to maturity of interest, principal, or mandatory call requirements, if any, there shall be sufficient monies 
in the Principal and Interest Account to transmit maturing interest and principal on the Bonds to the 
Paying Agent for payment when due.  All amounts transferred and credited to the Principal and Interest 
Account shall be used solely and exclusively for the payment of principal of and interest on the Bonds 
when the same shall become due and payable.  In addition thereto, there shall be transferred to the 
Principal and Interest Account sufficient sums to pay any fees and expenses of the Bond Registrar and 
Paying Agent. 
 
 The amounts required to be paid and credited to the Principal and Interest Account pursuant to 
this Section shall be made at the same time and on a parity with the amounts at the time required to be 
paid and credited to the debt service funds established for the payment of principal of and interest on 
Parity Bonds under the provisions of the Parity Bond Resolutions. 
 
  If at any time the monies in the Revenue Fund shall be insufficient to make in full the payments 
and credits at the time required to be made by the City to the principal and interest accounts established 
by the City to pay principal of and interest on the Series 2023 Bonds and any Parity Bonds, the available 
monies in the Revenue Fund shall be divided among such principal and interest accounts in proportion to 
the respective principal amounts of the Series 2023 Bonds and any Parity Bonds of the City at the time 
outstanding which are payable from the monies in such principal and interest accounts.  
 
  (C) Bond Reserve Account.  Simultaneously with the issuance of the Bonds, the City shall 
provide that the Bond Reserve Account shall contain an amount equal to the Bond Reserve Requirement.  
Except as hereinafter provided in this Section or as described under the heading “Investments” below, all 
amounts paid and credited to the Bond Reserve Account shall be expended and used by the City solely to 
prevent any default in the payment of interest on or principal of the Series 2023 Bonds if the monies in 
the Principal and Interest Account are insufficient to pay the interest on or principal of said Bonds as 
they become due.  So long as the Bond Reserve Account aggregates the Bond Reserve Requirement, no 
further payments into said Account shall be required, but if the City shall ever be required to expend and 
use a part of the monies in said Account for the purpose herein authorized and such expenditure shall 
reduce the amount of said Account be low the Bond Reserve Requirement or if the value of the 
investments in the Bond Reserve Account (determined in accordance with the Resolution) decline so that 
the amount of said Account is reduced below the Bond Reserve Requirement, the City shall commence 
equal monthly payments into said Account in amounts sufficient so that said Account shall aggregate the 
Bond Reserve Requirement in not more than 24 months, said payments into said Account to be made 
after making all payments and credits required at the time to be made by the City under the provisions of 
paragraphs (A) and (B) of this Section. 
 
 The amounts required to be paid and credited to the Bond Reserve Account pursuant to this 
Section shall be made at the same time and on a parity with the amounts at the time required to be paid  
 
 
E-12 
 
and credited to the bond reserve accounts established for the Parity Bonds under the provisions of the 
Parity Bond Resolutions. 
 
  Monies in the Bond Reserve Account may be used to call the Bonds for redemption and 
payment prior to their maturity provided all of the Bonds at the time outstanding are called for payment 
and funds are available to pay the same according to their terms.  Monies in the Bond Reserve Account 
shall be used to pay and retire the last outstanding Bonds unless such Bonds and all interest thereon are 
otherwise paid.  
 
  If at any time the monies in the Revenue Fund shall be insufficient to make in full the payments 
and credits at the time required to be made by the City to the bond reserve accounts established by the 
City to protect the payment of the Series 2023 Bonds and Parity Bonds, the available monies in the 
Revenue Fund shall be divided among such bond reserve acc ounts in proportion to the respective 
principal amounts of said Parity Bonds of the City at the time outstanding which are payable from the 
monies in such bond reserve accounts.  
 
  (D) Surplus Account.  After all payments and credits required at the time to be made by the 
City under the provisions of preceding subsections have been made, all monies remaining in the 
Revenue Fund shall be paid and credited to the Surplus Account.  Monies in the Surplus Account may be 
expended and used for the following purposes as determined by the governing body of the City:  
 
  (1) Paying the cost of the operation, maintenance and repair of the System to the 
extent that may be necessary after the application of the monies held in the Revenue Fund under 
the provisions of this Section;  
 
  (2) Paying the cost of, or debt service on obligations incurred to finance the cost 
of, repairs to or extending, enlarging or improving the System;  
 
  (3) Preventing default in, anticipating payments into or increasing the amounts in 
funds and accounts referred to in preceding subsections, or any one of them, or establishing or 
increasing the amount of any principal and interest account or bond reserve account created by 
the City for the payment of any Parity Bonds;  
 
  (4) Calling, redeeming and paying prior to maturity, or, at the option of the City, 
purchasing in the open market at the best price obtainable the Bonds or any Parity Bonds; 
 
  (5) To make transfers to the Revenue Fund; or 
 
  (6) Subject to the provisions of the Parity Bond Re solutions, any general 
governmental or municipal purpose of the City. 
  
Deficiency of Payments into Funds and Accounts  
 
 If at any time the revenues derived by the City from the operation of the System shall be insufficient to 
make any payment on the date or dates hereinbefore specified, the City will make good the amount of such 
deficiency by making additional payments or credits out of the first available revenues thereafter received by the 
City from the operation of the System, such payments and credits being made and applied in the order 
hereinbefore specified in the Resolution.  
  
 
 
E-13 
 
 If at any time the monies in the Principal and Interest Account and in the Bond Reserve Account are not 
sufficient to pay the principal of and interest on the Bonds as and when the same become due, then monies in the 
Surplus Account may and shall be used by the City, to prevent any default in the payment of the principal of and 
interest on the Bonds.  
 
Transfer of Funds to Paying Agent 
 
 The Treasurer of the City is hereby authorized and directed to withdraw from the Principal and Interest 
Account, and, to the extent necessary to prevent a default in the payment of either principal of or interest on the 
Bonds, from the Bond Reserve Account and the Surplus Account as provided herein, sums sufficient to pay the 
principal of and interest on the Bonds and the fees of the Bond Registrar and Paying Agent when the same 
become due, and to forward such sums to the Bond Registrar and Paying Agent pri or to dates when such 
principal, interest and fees of the Bond Registrar and Paying Agent will become due.  If, through lapse of time, or 
otherwise, the owners of Bonds shall no longer be entitled to enforce payment of their obligations, it shall be the 
duty of the Paying Agent forthwith to return said funds to the City.  All monies deposited with the Paying Agent 
shall be deemed to be deposited in accordance with and subject to all of the provisions contained in the  
Resolution. 
 
Deposits   
 
 Cash monies in each of the funds and accounts created by and referred to in the Resolution shall be 
deposited in a bank or banks or federal or state chartered savings and loan association with offices located as 
required by Kansas law, which are members of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, and all such deposits 
shall be adequately secured by the bank or banks or savings and loan associations holding such deposits in 
accordance with Kansas law. 
 
Investments 
  
 Monies held in the funds and accounts herein created,  ratified or established in conjunction with the 
issuance of the Bonds may be invested by the City in Authorized Investments, or in other investments allowed by 
Kansas law in accordance with the Federal Tax Certificate in such amounts and maturing at such times as shall 
reasonably provide for monies to be available when required in said accounts or funds.  Interest or earnings on 
any Authorized Investment held in any fund or account shall accrue to and become a part of such fund or account, 
except for amounts required to be deposited into the Rebate Fund in accordance with the Federal Tax Certificate, 
and except that so long as monies in the Bond Reserve Account are equal to or greater than the Bond Reserve 
Requirement, earnings on investments held in the Bond Reserve Account shall be credited to the Principal and 
Interest Account.  In determining the amount held in any fund or account under the provisions of the 
Resolution, Authorized Investments shall be valued at their principal par value or at their then market value, 
whichever is lower.   
 
 So long as any of the Parity Bonds remain outstanding and unpaid, any investments made pursuant to 
this Section shall be subject to any restrictions in the Parity Bond Resolutions with respect to the funds and 
accounts created by and referred to in the Parity Bond Resolutions. 
 
Efficient and Economical Operation 
 
 The City will continuously own and will operate the System in an efficient and economical manner and 
will keep and maintain the same in good repair and working order.  
  
 
 
E-14 
 
Rate Covenant 
 
 The City will fix, establish, maintain and collect such rates, fees and charges for the use and services 
furnished by or through the System, including all alterations, repairs, extensions, enlargements and improvements 
thereto hereafter constructed or acquired by the City, as will produce revenues sufficient to (a) pay the cost of the 
operation and maintenance of the System; (b) pay the principal of and interest on the Bonds and any Parity Bonds 
as and when the same become due; (c) enable the City to have in each fiscal year Net Revenues in an amount that 
will be not less than 110% of the debt service requirements required to be paid by the City in such fiscal year; and 
(d) provide reasonable and adequate reserves for the payment of the Bonds and the Parity Bonds and the interest 
thereon and for the protection and benefit of the System of the City as provided in the Resolution.   
 
Reasonable Charges for all Services   
 
 None of the facilities or services provided by the System will be furnished to any user (excepting the 
City itself) without a reasonable charge being made therefor.  In the event that the revenues derived by the City 
from the System shall at any time be insufficient to pay the reasonable expenses of operation and maintenance of 
the System and also to pay the Debt Service Requirements of the Bonds and any Parity Bonds as and when the 
same become due, then the City will thereafter pay into the Revenue Fund a fair and reasonable payment in 
accordance with effective applicable rates, fees and charges for all services or other facilities furnished to the City 
or any of its departments by the System, and such payments will continue so long as the same may be necessary 
in order to prevent or reduce the amount of any default in the payment of the interest on or principal of the Bonds.  
 
Restrictions on Mortgage or Sale of System   
 
 The City will not sell, lease or otherwise dispose of the System or any material part  thereof, or any 
extension or improvement thereof; provided, however, the City may permanently abandon the use of, or sell at 
fair market value, or lease any of its System facilities, provided that: 
 
  (a) It is in full compliance with all covenants and undertakings in connection with all of its 
bonds then outstanding and payable from the revenues of the System, or any part thereof; 
 
  (b) In the event of sale, it will apply the proceeds to either (i) redemption or outstanding 
bonds in accordance with the provisions governing repayment of bonds in advance of maturity, or (ii) 
replacement of the facility so disposed of by another facility the revenues of which shall be incorporated 
into the System as hereinbefore provided;  
 
  (c) It certifies, prior to any a bandonment of use, that the facility to be abandoned is no 
longer economically feasible of producing Net Revenues; 
 
  (d) It certifies that the estimated Net Revenues of the remaining System facilities for the 
next succeeding fiscal year plus the estimated Net Revenues of the facilities, if any, to be added to the 
System satisfy the rate covenants provided in the Resolution; and 
 
  (e) With respect to a lease, the City may lease (1) as lessor, any real or personal property 
which is unused or unimproved, or which has become obsolete, nonproductive or otherwise unusable 
to the advantage of the City, or which is being acquired as a part of a lease/purchase financing for the 
acquisition and/or improvement of such property; and/or (2) as lessee, with an option of  the City to 
purchase, any real or personal property for the extension and improvement of the System.  Property  
 
 
E-15 
 
being leased as lessor and/or lessee pursuant to this subparagraph (e) shall not be treated as part of  the 
System for purposes of this Section and may be mortgaged, pledged or otherwise encumbered. 
 
Financial Records and Reports  
 
 The City will install and maintain proper books, records and accounts (entirely separate from all other 
records and accounts of the City) in which complete and correct entries will be made of all dealings and 
transactions of or in relation to the System.  Such accounts shall show the amount of revenues received from the 
System, the application of such revenues, and all financial transactions in connection therewith.  Said books shall 
be kept by the City according to generally accepted accounting principles as applicable to the operation of 
municipal utilities. 
 
Annual Budget  
 
 Prior to the commencement of each fiscal year, the City will cause to be prepared and filed with the City 
Clerk a budget setting forth the estimated receipts and expenditures of the System for the next succeeding fiscal 
year.  Said annual budget shall be prepared in accordance with the requirements of the laws of the State of 
Kansas, and shall contain normal budgetary items, including: 
 
 (a) An estimate of the receipts from the System during the next ensuing fiscal year. 
 
 (b) A statement o f the estimated cost of operating the System during the next ensuing 
fiscal year. 
 
 (c) A statement of any anticipated unusual expenses for the System during the next fiscal 
year. 
 
 (d) A statement of any necessary replacements to the System which may be a nticipated 
during the next fiscal year. 
 
 (e) A statement of the amount of principal and interest to be paid on outstanding revenue 
bonds and general obligation bonds to be paid from revenues of the System during the next fiscal year. 
 
 (f) A statement of the total estimated expenditures to be made from the revenues of the 
System during the next fiscal year. 
 
  (g) A statement of the estimated Net Revenues during the next fiscal year. 
 
Annual Audit 
 
 Annually, promptly after the end of the fiscal year, the City will cause an audit to be made of the System 
for the preceding fiscal year by an Independent Accountant to be employed for that purpose and paid from the 
revenues of the System.  Said annual audit shall include:  
 
 (a) A classified statement of the gross revenues received, the expenditures for operation 
and maintenance, the net operating revenues and the amount of any capital expenditures made in 
connection with the System during the previous fiscal year;  
  
 
 
E-16 
 
 (b) A complete balance sheet as of the end of each fiscal year with the amount on hand at 
the end of such year in each of the funds and accounts created by and referred to in the Resolution;  
 
 (c) A statement showing the Net Revenues for such fiscal year;  
 
 (d) A statement of all System revenue bonds matured or redeemed and interest paid on 
bonds during said fiscal year;  
 
 (e) A statement of the number of customers served by the System at the beginning and the 
end of such fiscal year;  
 
 (f) A statement showing the amount and character of the insurance carried by the City on 
the property constituting the System and showing the names of the insurers, the expiration dates of the 
policies and the premiums thereon; and 
 
 (g) Such remarks and recommendations regarding the City’s practices and procedures of 
operating the System and its accounting practices as said accountants may deem appropriate. 
 
 Within 30 days after the completion of each such audit, a copy thereof shall be filed in the office of the 
City Clerk.  Such audits shall at all times during the usual business hours be open to examination and inspection 
by any taxpayer, any user of the services of the System, any owner of any of the Bonds, or by anyone acting for 
or on behalf of such taxpayer, user or owner.  
 
 As soon as possible after the completion of such annual audit, the governing body of the City shall 
review such audit, and if any audit shall disclose that proper provision has not been made for all of the 
requirements of the Resolution and the law under which the Bonds are issued, the City covenants and agrees that 
it will promptly cure such deficiency and will promptly (within 60 days) proceed to increase the rates, fees and 
charges to be charged for the use and services furnished by the System as may be necessary to adequately provide 
for such requirements.  
 
Bondowners’ Right of Inspection 
 
 The owner or owners of not less than 10% of the principal amount of the Bonds shall have the right at all 
reasonable times to inspect the System and all records, accounts and data relating thereto shall be furnished all 
such information concerning the System and the operation thereof which such may reasonably be requested.  
 
Prior Lien Bonds 
 
 The City covenants and agrees that so long as any of the Bonds remain outstanding and unpaid, the City 
will not issue any Bonds or other long term obligations payable out of the revenues of the System or  any part 
thereof which are superior to the Bonds.  
 
Parity Lien Bonds   
 
 The City covenants and agrees that so long as any of the Bonds remain outstanding and unpaid, the City 
will not issue any Additional Bonds or other long-term obligations payable out of the revenues of the System or 
any part thereof which stand on a parity or equality with the Bonds unless all of the following conditions are met:  
  
 
 
E-17 
 
  (a) The City shall not be in default in the payment of principal of or interest on the Bonds 
or in making any payment at the time required to be made into the respective funds and accounts created 
by and referred to in the Resolution. 
 
 (b) The City shall certify to either of the following: 
 
 (i) The Debt Service Coverage Ratio (as determined by the Cit y) for the fiscal 
year immediately preceding the issuance of Additional Bonds shall have been equal to not less 
than 1.10, including the Additional Bonds proposed to be issued.  In the event that the City has 
instituted any increase in rates for the use and services of the System and such increase shall not 
have been in effect during the full fiscal year immediately preceding the issuance of Additional 
Bonds, the additional Net Revenues which would have resulted from the operation of the 
System during said preceding fiscal year had such rate increase been in effect for the entire 
period, as certified by a Consultant, may be added to the stated Net Revenues. 
 
 (ii) The estimated Debt Service Coverage Ratio (as determined by a Consultant), 
for the fiscal year immediately following the fiscal year in which the project to be financed by 
the Additional Bonds proposed to be issued is to be in commercial operation, shall be not less 
than 1.10, including the Additional Bonds proposed to be issued.  In the event that the City 
anticipates additional revenues as a result of an increase in rates and/or expansion or 
modification of the System by the Additional Bonds or any other obligations, the Consultant 
may adjust the estimated Net Revenues in determining the Debt Servi ce Coverage Ratio, by 
adding thereto any estimated increase in Net Revenues resulting from any increase in revenues 
for the use and services of the System, which, in the opinion of the Consultant, are reasonable 
based on projected rates and operations of the System for such fiscal year. 
 
  (c) When the issuance of additional System revenue bonds of equal stature and priority is 
permitted by the Statutes of the State of Kansas. 
 
  (d) The ordinance and/or resolution authorizing such additional parity bonds shall contain 
or provide that the bond reserve account for such additional parity bonds shall be funded in an amount 
equal to the maximum amount permitted by the Code to be deposited from the proceeds of such 
additional parity bonds in a debt service reserve fund therefor without being subject to yield restriction 
under the Code and without causing the interest on such additional  bonds to be includable in gross 
income for federal income tax purposes. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing restrictions upon the issuance of Additional Bonds, Additional Bonds 
may be issued under this Section if it is necessary in the opinion of a Consulting Engineer to repair any damage 
or loss to the System if the same has been damaged or destroyed by disaster to such extent that it cannot be 
operated or if it is necessary to keep the System in good operating condition. 
 
 Additional revenue bonds of the City issued under the conditions set forth in this Section shall stand on a 
parity with the Bonds and shall enjoy complete equality of lien on and claim against the revenues of the System 
with the Bonds, and the City may make equal provision for paying said bonds and the interest thereon out of the 
Revenue Fund and may likewise provide for the creation of reasonable principal and interest accounts and bond 
reserve accounts for the payment of such Additional Bonds and the interest thereon out of monies in the Revenue 
Fund.  
  
 
 
E-18 
 
Junior Lien Bonds   
 
 In addition to the authority to issue Parity Bonds as set forth in the preceding section, the City may issue 
revenue bonds or other long-term obligations payable out of the revenues of the System or any part thereof which 
shall be junior and subordinate to the Bonds.  If at any time the City shall be in default in paying any interest on 
or principal of the Bonds or in making any of the transfers required to any of the accounts or funds herein 
specified, then the City shall make no payment of either principal of or interes t on such subordinate bonds or 
other long-term obligations payable out of the revenues of the System or any part thereof until all conditions of 
default shall be cured. 
 
Refunding Bonds   
 
 The City shall have the right to refund any of the Bonds under the provisions of any law then available.  
Said Bonds or any part thereof may be refunded and the refunding bonds so issued shall enjoy complete equality 
of pledge and shall be on a parity with any of the Bonds which are not refunded, if any, upon the revenues of the 
System without complying with the requirements of the Resolution with respect to Parity Lien Bonds. 
 
Contract with Owners   
 
 The provisions of the Resolution, including the covenants and agreements therein contained, shall 
constitute a contract between the City and the owners of the Bonds.   
 
Acceleration and Other Remedies   
 
 If an Event of Default shall occur and continue for a period of 60 days after written notice specifying 
such default has been given to the City by the Registered Owner of any Bond then Outstanding, then, at any time 
thereafter and while such default continues, the Registered Owners of 25% in principal amount of the Bonds then 
Outstanding, may, by written notice to the City filed in the office of the City Clerk or delivered in person to said 
City Clerk, declare the principal of all Bonds then Outstanding to be due and payable immediately, and upon any 
such declaration given as aforesaid, all of said Bonds shall become and be immediately due and payable, anything 
in the Resolution or the Ordinance or in the Bonds contained to the contrary notwithstanding.  This provision, 
however, is subject to the condition that if at any time after the principal of said Outstanding Bonds has been so 
declared to be due and payable, all arrears of interest upon all of said Bonds, except interest accrued but not yet 
due on such Bonds, and all arrears of principal upon all of said Bonds has been paid in full and all other defaults, 
if any, by the City under the provisions of the Resolution and the Ordinance and under the provisions of the 
statutes of the State of Kansas have been cured, then and in every such case the Registered Owners of a majority 
in principal amount of the Bonds then Outstanding, by written notice to the City given as hereinbefore specified, 
may rescind and annul such declaration and its consequences, but no such rescission or annulment shall extend to 
or affect any subsequent default or impair any rights consequent thereon.  
 
 If an Event of Default shall occur and be continuing,  the Owner or Owners of not less than 10% in 
principal amount of the Bonds at the time Outstanding shall have the right for the equal benefit and protection of 
all Owners of Bonds similarly situated: 
 
  (a) by mandamus or other suit, action or proceedings at law or in equity to enforce the 
rights of such owner or owners against the City and its officers, agents and employees, and to require 
and compel duties and obligations required by the provisions of the Resolution or by the Constitution 
and laws of the State of Kansas; 
  
 
 
E-19 
 
  (b) by suit, action or other proceedings in equity or at law to require the City, its officers, 
agents and employees to account as if they were the trustees of an express trust; and 
 
  (c) by suit, action or other proceedings in equity or at law to enjoin any acts or things 
which may be unlawful or in violation of the rights of the owners of the Bonds. 
 
 In case any proceeding taken by any owner on account of any default shall have been discontinued or 
abandoned for any reason, then and in every such case the City and the owners shall be restored to their former 
positions and rights hereunder, respectively, and all rights and remedies of the owners shall continue as though no 
such proceedings had been taken. 
 
Limitation on Remedies   
 
 The covenants and agreements of the City contained in the Resolution and in the Bonds shall be for the 
equal benefit, protection, and security of the owners of any or all of the Bonds, all of which Bonds shall be of 
equal rank and without preference or priority of one Bond over any other Bond in the application of the funds 
pledged in the Resolution to the payment of the principal of and the interest on the Bonds, or otherwise, except as 
to rate of interest, date of maturity and right of prior redemption as provided in the Resolution.  No one or more 
Bondowners secured by the Resolution shall have any right in any manner whatever by his or their action to 
affect, disturb or prejudice the security granted and provided for in the Resolution, or to enforce any right 
hereunder, except in the manner provided in the Resolution, and all proceedings at law or in equity shall be 
instituted, had and maintained for the equal benefit of all owners of such Outstanding Bonds. 
 
Remedies Cumulative   
 
 No remedy in the Resolution conferred on the owners is intended to be exclusive of any other remedy or 
remedies, and each and every remedy conferred shall be cumulative and shall be in addition to every other 
remedy given hereunder and under the Act or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or by statute. 
 
 No delay or omission of any owner to exercise any right or power accruing upon any default occurring 
and continuing as aforesaid shall impair any such right or power or shall be construed to be a waiver of any such 
default or an acquiescence therein; and every power and remedy given by this Article to the owners may be 
exercised from time to time and as often as may be deemed expedient.  In case any suit, action or proceedings 
taken by any Bondowner on account of any default or to enforce any right or exercise any remedy shall have been 
discontinued or abandoned for any reason, or shall have been determined adversely to such Bondowner, then, and 
in every such case, the City and the owners of  the Bonds shall be restored to their former positions and rights 
hereunder, respectively, and all rights, remedies, powers and duties of the Bondowners shall continue as if no 
such suit, action or other proceedings had been brought or taken. 
 
No Obligation to Levy Taxes  
 
 Nothing contained in the Resolution shall be construed as imposing on the City any duty or obligation to 
levy any taxes either to meet any obligation incurred in the Resolution or to pay the principal of or interest on the 
Bonds.   
 
Defeasance 
 
  When all of the Bonds shall have been paid and discharged, then the requirements contained in the 
Resolution and the pledge of revenues made hereunder and all other rights granted by the Resolution shall  
 
 
E-20 
 
terminate.  Bonds shall be deemed to have been paid and discharged within the meaning of the Resolution if there 
shall have been deposited with the Paying Agent or a bank located in the State of Kansas and having full trust 
powers, at or prior to the maturity or redemption date of said Bonds, in t rust for and irrevocably appropriated 
thereto, monies (insured at all times by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or collateralized with the 
following direct obligations of the United States of America) and/or direct obligations of the United States of 
America (including obligations issued or held in book-entry form on the books of the Department of the 
Treasury) which, together with the interest to be earned on any such obligations, will be sufficient for the 
payment of the principal of said Bonds, the redemption premium thereon, if any, and interest accrued to the date 
of maturity or redemption, as the case may be, or if default in such payment shall have occurred on such date, 
then to the date of the tender of such payments; provided, however, that if any such Bonds shall be redeemed 
prior to the mat urity thereof, the City shall have elected to redeem such Bonds and either notice of such 
redemption shall have been given or the City shall have given irrevocable instructions to the Bond Registrar to 
redeem such Bond.  Any monies and obligations which at any time shall be deposited with said Paying Agent or 
other bank by or on behalf of the City, for the purpose of paying and discharging any of the Bonds, shall be 
assigned, transferred and set over to the Paying Agent or other bank in trust for the respec tive owners of the 
Bonds, and such monies shall be irrevocably appropriated to the payment and discharge hereof.  All monies 
deposited with the Paying Agent or other bank shall be deemed to be deposited in accordance with and subject to 
all of the provisions contained in the Resolution.  
 
Amendments   
 
 Except as set forth in the Resolution, the provisions of the Bonds and the provisions of the Resolution 
may be modified or amended at any time by the City with the written consent of the Owners of not less than a 
majority in aggregate principal amount of the Bonds authorized by Resolution at the time Outstanding; provided, 
however, that no such modification or amendment shall permit or be construed as permitting:  (a) the extension of 
the maturity of the principal of any of the Bonds issued hereunder, or the extension of the maturity of any interest 
on the Bonds issued hereunder, or (b) a reduction in the principal amount of the Bonds or the rate of interest 
thereon, or (c) a reduction in the percentage in principal amount of the Bonds required for the written consent to 
any modification or alteration of the provisions of the Resolution, or (d) permit preference or priority of any 
Bonds over any other Bonds without in each instance the prior written consent of 100% of the Owners of Bonds 
authorized by the Resolution at the time Outstanding.   
 
 The City may from time to time, without the consent of or notice to any of the owners, provide for 
amendment to the Bonds or the Resolution, for any one or more of the following purposes: 
 
  (a) To cure any ambiguity or formal defect or omission in the Resolution or to make any 
other change not prejudicial to the owners; 
 
  (b) To grant to or confer upon the owners any additional rights, remedies, powers or 
authority that may lawfully be granted to or conferred upon the owners; 
 
  (c) To more precisely identify the Project; 
 
  (d) To conform such Resolution to the Code or future applicable federal law concerning 
tax-exempt obligations. 
  
 
 
E-21 
 
Written Evidence of Amendments  
 
 Every amendment or modification of a provision of the Bonds or of the Resolution to which the written 
consent of the owners is given shall be expressed in an ordinance of the City amending or supplementing the 
provisions of the Resolution and shall be deemed to be a part of the Resolution.  It shall not be necessary to note 
on any of the Outstanding Bonds any reference to such amendment or modification, if any.  Prior to the passage 
of such ordinance, the City shall receive an opinion from Bond Counsel to the effect that the proposed 
amendment is in complian ce with the requirements of the preceding Section and that the adoption of the 
ordinance authorizing such amendment will not adversely affect the tax -exempt status of the interest on the 
Bonds.  A certified copy of every such amendatory or supplemental ordinance, if any, and a certified copy of the 
Resolution shall always be kept on file in the office of the City Clerk and shall be made available for inspection 
by the owners of any Bond or prospective purchaser or owners of any Bond authorized by the Resolu tion, and 
upon payment of the reasonable cost of preparing the same, a certified copy of any such amendatory or 
supplemental ordinance or of the Resolution will be sent by the City Clerk to any such Owner or prospective 
Owner.   
 
Notices, Consents and Other Instruments by Bondowners 
 
 Any notice, consent, request, direction, approval, objection or o ther instrument required by the  
Resolution to be signed and executed by the Bondowners may be in any number of concurrent writings of similar 
tenor and may be signed or executed by such Bondowners in person or by agent appointed in writing.  Proof of 
the execution of any such instrument or of the writing appointing any such agent and of the ownership of Bonds, 
if made in the following man ner, shall be sufficient  for any of the purposes of the  Resolution, and shall be 
conclusive in favor of the City, the Bond Registrar and Paying Agent with regard to any action taken, suffered or 
omitted under any such instrument, namely: 
 
  (a) The fact and date of the execution by any person of any such instrument may be proved 
by a certificate of any officer in any jurisdiction who by law has power to take acknowledgments within 
such jurisdiction that the person signing such instrument acknowledged before such officer the execution 
thereof, or by affidavit of any witness to such execution. 
 
 (b) The fact of ownership of Bonds, the amount or amounts, numbers and other 
identification of Bonds, and the date of holding the same shall be proved by the registration books of the 
City maintained by the Bond Registrar. 
 
Parties Interested Herein; Third Party Beneficiaries 
 
 Nothing in the Resolution expressed or implied is intended or shall be construed to confer upon, or to 
give to, any person or entity, other than the City, the Paying Agent and the Owners, any right, remedy or claim 
under or by reason of the Resolution or any covenant, condition or stipulation hereof, and all covenants, 
stipulations, promises and agreements in the Resolution contained by and on behalf of the City shall be for the 
sole and exclusive benefit of the City, the Paying Agent and the Owners.   
 
 
[BALANCE OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 
 (THIS PAGE LEFT BLANK INTENTIONALLY)