NEW ISSUE - BOOK ENTRY ONLY RATING: Moody’s “Aaa”
 See “RATING” herein
In the opinion of McGuireWoods LLP, under laws existing on the date of issuance and assuming continuous compliance 
with certain covenants and agreements contained in the documents more fully described herein, (a) interest on the Bonds is 
excludable from the gross income of the holder(s) of the Bonds for purposes of federal income taxation pursuant to the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), except as provided in Section 147(a) of the Code with respect to any period 
during which the Bonds are held by a person who is a “substantial user” of any facility financed or refinanced by the Bonds 
or by a “related person,” as such terms are used in Section 147(a) of the Code and the regulations adopted thereunder, and 
except as set forth herein under the heading “TAX MATTERS,” and (b) interest on the Bonds is exempt from income taxation 
in the State of North Carolina.  For purposes of federal income taxation, interest on the Bonds is not treated as a specific item 
of tax preference for purposes of calculating the federal alternative minimum tax. See further discussion under the heading 
“TAX MATTERS” herein.
$13,500,000
INLIVIAN
Multifamily Green Tax-Exempt Mortgage-backed Bonds 
(GREEN M-TEBS) (Northcross Townhomes), Series 2020
Dated: April 1, 2020
Interest Rate: 2.55% Maturity Date: May 1, 2037
Offering Price: 100% CUSIP: 45753CAA5
The INLIVIAN Multifamily Green Tax-Exempt Mortgage-backed Bonds (GREEN M-TEBS) (Northcross Townhomes), Series 
2020 (the “Bonds”) will be issued under and pursuant to an Indenture of Trust, dated as of April 1, 2020 (the “Indenture”), between 
INLIVIAN (the “Issuer”) and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (the “Trustee”).
The Bonds are issuable only as fully registered bonds without coupons and will be registered in the name of Cede & Co., as 
nominee of The Depository Trust Company (“DTC”), New York, New York.  DTC will act as securities depository of the Bonds.  
Individual purchases will be made in book-entry form only, in the denominations of $1,000 and integral multiples of $1 in excess 
thereof.  Purchasers will not receive certificates representing their interest in Bonds purchased.  Principal and interest on the Bonds 
are payable by the Trustee to DTC, which will be responsible for remitting such principal and interest to its Participants, which will 
be responsible for remitting such principal and interest to the Beneficial Owners of the Bonds, as described under “APPENDIX F – 
BOOK-ENTRY SYSTEM” herein.
The Bonds will be issued to finance the acquisition, rehabilitation and equipping of a low and moderate income multifamily 
rental housing facility through the purchase by the Trustee of a single mortgage pass-through certificate (the “MBS”) guaranteed as 
to timely payment of principal and interest by the Federal National Mortgage Association (“Fannie Mae”), if and when issued.  It is 
anticipated that, prior to the delivery of the MBS, the principal of and interest on the Bonds will be paid from amounts on deposit in 
the Revenue Fund and the Bond Proceeds Fund along with the investment earnings thereon.  See “SECURITY FOR AND SOURCES 
OF PAYMENT FOR BONDS” herein.
The aggregate principal amount, aggregate face amount (if different), maturity date, interest rate and delivery date for the Bonds 
shall be as set forth in the Indenture and shall be described, together with the initial reoffering price, if applicable, in the Term Sheet 
attached as APPENDIX H hereto delivered in connection with the sale of the Bonds.
Prior to the MBS Delivery Date (as defined herein), principal, if due, and interest on the Bonds will be payable monthly on the 
26th day of the month, or the next succeeding Business Day if such 26th day is not a Business Day, commencing May 26, 2020, until 
and including the 26th day of the month in which the MBS Delivery Date occurs.  Commencing in the first month after the month in 
which the MBS Delivery Date occurs, principal, if due, and interest will be payable on the first Business Day following receipt of a 
payment representing principal, if due, and interest under the MBS.  
THE BONDS AND THE INTEREST THEREON ARE LIMITED OBLIGATIONS OF THE ISSUER, PAYABLE SOLELY 
FROM THE TRUST ESTATE UNDER THE INDENTURE.  NEITHER THE ISSUER, ANY OF ITS COMMISSIONERS, THE 
STATE, NOR ANY POLITICAL SUBDIVISION THEREOF (EXCEPT THE ISSUER, TO THE LIMITED EXTENT SET 
FORTH IN THE INDENTURE) NOR ANY PUBLIC AGENCY SHALL IN ANY EVENT BE LIABLE FOR THE PAYMENT 
OF THE PRINCIPAL OF, PREMIUM (IF ANY) OR INTEREST ON THE BONDS OR FOR THE PERFORMANCE OF ANY 
PLEDGE, OBLIGATION OR AGREEMENT OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN THE INDENTURE, 
AND NONE OF THE BONDS OR ANY OF THE ISSUER’S AGREEMENTS OR OBLIGATIONS SHALL BE CONSTRUED TO 
CONSTITUTE AN INDEBTEDNESS OF OR A PLEDGE OF THE FAITH AND CREDIT OF OR A LOAN OF THE CREDIT 
OF OR A MORAL OBLIGATION OF ANY OF THE FOREGOING WITHIN THE MEANING OF ANY CONSTITUTIONAL OR 
STATUTORY PROVISION WHATSOEVER.  THE ISSUER HAS NO TAXING POWER.
The Bonds are offered when, as and if received by Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (the “Underwriter”), subject to the 
approval of legality by McGuireWoods LLP, Raleigh, North Carolina, Bond Counsel.  Certain legal matters will be passed upon for 
the Borrower by its counsels, Levitt & Boccio, LLP, New York, New York, and Williams Mullen, Raleigh, North Carolina, and for the 
Underwriter by its counsel, Tiber Hudson LLC, Washington, D.C.  It is expected that the Bonds will be available in book-entry form 
through the facilities of DTC in New York, New York on or about April 15, 2020.
WELLS FARGO SECURITIES
Dated:  April 14, 2020
 
ii 
No dealer, broker, salesman or other person has been authorized by the Issuer or the Underwriter to give 
any information or to make any representations other than those contained in this Official Statement and, if given or 
made, such other information or representations must not be relied upon as having been authorized by any of the 
foregoing.  This Official Statement does not constitute an offe r to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall 
there be any sale of the Bonds by any person in any jurisdiction in which it is unlawful for such person to make such 
offer, solicitation or sale. 
Prospective purchasers must read this entire Official Statement (including the cover page and all appendices 
hereto) to obtain all of the information essential to the making of an informed investment decision. 
References to website addresses presented herein are for informational purposes only and may be in the form 
of a hyperlink solely for the reader’s convenience.  Unless specified otherwise, such web sites and the information or 
links contained therein are not incorporated into, and are not part of, this Official Statement. 
The information set forth herein under the headings “THE ISSUER” and “NO LITIGATION—The Issuer” 
has been furnished by the Issuer.  All other information set forth herein has been obtained from the Borrower and 
other sources which are believed to be reliable, but it is not guaranteed as to accuracy or completeness and is not to 
be construed as a representation by the Issuer or the Underwriter.  The information and expressions of opinion herein 
are subject to change without notice, and neither the delivery of this Official Statement nor any sale made hereunder 
shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Borrower, 
the Issuer or any other parties described herein since the date as of which such information is presented. 
In connection with this offering, the Underwriter may over-allot or effect transactions which stabilize or 
maintain the market price of the Bonds offered hereby at a level above that which might otherwise prevail in the open 
market.  Such stabilizing, if commenced, may be discontinued at any time. 
The Underwriter has provided the following sentence for inclusion in this Official Statement.  The 
Underwriter has reviewed the information in this Official Statement in accordance with, and as part of, its 
responsibilities to investors under the federal securities laws as applied to the facts and circumstances of this 
transaction, but the Underwriter does not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of such information. 
Fannie Mae has not reviewed or undertaken to determine the accuracy of any of the information contained 
in this Official Statement, other than providing a link to the template  Fannie Mae MBS Prospectus in APPENDIX A 
and the Additional Disclosure Addendum in Schedule I to APPENDIX A, and makes no representation or warranty, 
express or implied, as to any of the other matters contained in this Official Statement, including, but not limited to (i) 
the accuracy or completeness of such information, (ii) the suitability of the Bonds for any investor, (iii) the feasibility 
or performance of any project, (iv) the structure, provisions or terms of the Bonds and any cash flows related thereto, 
or (v) compliance with any securities, tax or other laws or regulations including but not limited to the validity of the 
Bonds and the tax-exempt status of the Bonds.  Fannie Mae’s role with respect to the Bonds is limited to issuing and 
discharging its obligations under the MBS if and when delivered.  
No registration statement relating to the Bonds has been filed with the United States Securities and Exchange 
Commission (the “Commission”) or with any state securities agency.  The Bonds have not been approved or 
disapproved by the Commission or any state securities agency, nor has the Commission or any state securities agency 
passed upon the accuracy or adequacy of this Official Statem ent.  Any representation to the contrary is a criminal 
offense. 
CUSIP data herein are provided by Standard & Poor’s CUSIP Service Bureau, a division of The McGraw-
Hill Companies, Inc.  CUSIP numbers have been assigned by  an independent company not affiliated with the Issuer 
and are included solely for the convenience of the holders of the Bonds.  The Issuer is not responsible for the selection 
or uses of these CUSIP numbers, and no representation is made as to their correctness on the Bonds or as indicated 
above.  The CUSIP number for a specific maturity is subject to being changed after the issuance of the Bonds as a 
result of various subsequent actions. 
  
iii 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
INTRODUCTION ......................................................................................................................................................... 1 
THE ISSUER ................................................................................................................................................................. 3 
DESCRIPTION OF THE BONDS ................................................................................................................................ 3 
THE MORTGAGE LOAN ............................................................................................................................................ 6 
FANNIE MAE GREEN MORTGAGE LOAN PROGRAM ........................................................................................ 7 
SECURITY FOR AND SOURCES OF PAYMENT FOR THE BONDS .................................................................... 9 
PRIVATE PARTICIPANTS ....................................................................................................................................... 10 
THE PROJECT ........................................................................................................................................................... 11 
CERTAIN BONDHOLDERS’ RISKS ........................................................................................................................ 14 
TAX MATTERS ......................................................................................................................................................... 18 
NO LITIGATION........................................................................................................................................................ 20 
CERTAIN LEGAL MATTERS .................................................................................................................................. 20 
UNDERWRITING ...................................................................................................................................................... 21 
RATING ...................................................................................................................................................................... 22 
CONTINUING DISCLOSURE ................................................................................................................................... 22 
THE TRUSTEE ........................................................................................................................................................... 22 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................................... 23 
APPENDIX A FANNIE MAE MORTGAGE-BACKED SECURITIES PROGRAM 
APPENDIX B DEFINITIONS OF CERTAIN TERMS 
APPENDIX C SUMMARY OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS OF THE INDENTURE 
APPENDIX D SUMMARY OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS OF THE FINANCING AGREE MENT 
APPENDIX E SUMMARY OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS OF THE REGULATORY AGRE EMENT 
APPENDIX F BOOK-ENTRY SYSTEM  
APPENDIX G FORM OF CONTINUING DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT 
APPENDIX H TERM SHEET 
APPENDIX I PROPOSED FORM OF OPINION OF BOND COUNSEL 
 [THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]  
1 
OFFICIAL STATEMENT 
relating to 
$13,500,000 
Multifamily Green Tax-Exempt Mortgage-backed Bonds  
(GREEN M-TEBS) (Northcross Townhomes), Series 2020 
Issued by  
INLIVIAN 
INTRODUCTION 
This Official Statement (which includes the cover page and appendices hereto) provides certain information 
in connection with the issuance and sale of the $13,500,000 Multifamily Green Tax-Exempt Mortgage-backed Bonds 
(GREEN M-TEBS) (Northcross Townhomes), Series 2020 (the “Bonds”) issued by INLIVIAN (the “Issuer”).  The 
Bonds will be issued pursuant to the provisions of the North Carolina Housing Authorities Law, Article 1 of Chapter 
157 of the General Statutes of N orth Carolina, as amended (the “Act”), and that certain resolution adopted on 
March 17, 2020 (the “Resolution”) and secured by an Indenture of Trust, dated as of April 1, 2020 (the “Indenture”), 
between the Issuer and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (the “Trustee”).  Pursuant to the Indenture and the 
Financing Agreement, dated as of April 1, 2020 (the “ Financing Agreement”), among the Issuer, the Trustee and 
Northcross Preservation, L.P., a New York limited partnership ( the “Borrower”), the Issuer is issuing the Bonds to 
provide financing for a certain low- and moderate-income multif amily rental housing facility known as Northcross 
Townhomes (the “Project”) in Charlotte, North Carolina (the “State”), as further described in the Term Sheet attached 
as APPENDIX H to this Official Statement (the “Term Sheet”), and to facilitate the delivery of the MBS (as defined 
below) guaranteed by the Federal National Mortgage Association (“Fannie Mae”).  The Project is expected to qualify 
for the Fannie Mae Green Rewards Program, as hereinafter descri bed.  See “FANNIE MAE GREEN MORTGAGE 
LOAN PROGRAM” herein. 
All capitalized terms used in this Official Statement that are defined in the Indenture shall have the respective 
meanings set forth in the Indenture.  See “APPENDIX B - DEFINITIONS OF CERTAIN TERMS.” 
The Issuer, the Borrower and Wells  Fargo Bank, National Associa tion (the “ Underwriter”) have entered 
into a Bond Purchase Agreement (the “Bond Purchase Agreement”), pursuant to which the Issuer will agree to sell 
the Bonds to the Underwriter.  The transaction entered into under the Bond Purchase Agreement will provide for the 
issuance and sale to the Underwriter of the Bonds in a specified principal amount, with a specified interest rate, on a 
specified date and at a specified price.  The delivery of the Bonds is subject to the satisfaction of a number of conditions 
set forth in the Bond Purchase Agreement.   
The Bonds will be issued to fina nce the Project through the pur chase of a single mortgage pass-through 
certificate (the “MBS”) guaranteed as to principal and interest by Fannie Mae, if and when issued.  The MBS will not 
be available for purchase on the date of issuance of the Bonds (the “Closing Date”) but is expected to be available for 
acquisition by the Trustee prior to the MBS Delivery Date Deadl ine, as specified in the Term Sheet.  The MBS will 
be backed by a 17-year, fixed-rate mortgage loan (the “ Mortgage Loan”) secured by a mortgage constituting a first 
lien on the Project.  The Mortgage Loan will be made to the Bor rower as mortgagor and owner of the Project on the 
Closing 
Date.  See “THE MORTGAGE LOAN” herein and “APPENDIX A –  FANNIE MAE MORTGAGE-
BACKED SECURITIES PROGRAM” attached hereto.  
On the Closing Date, and prior to the date of delivery by Fannie Mae of the MBS (the “MBS Delivery Date”), 
the Bonds will be secured by (i) the proceeds of the Bonds equal to the principal amount thereof delivered to the 
Trustee and deposited into the Bond Proceeds Fund established under the Indenture and (ii) Eligible Funds, delivered 
to the Trustee and deposited into the Negative Arbitrage Account of the Revenue Fund established under the Indenture, 
in an amount equal to the interest on the Bonds at the pass-through rate from the Bond Dated Date (as specified in the 
Term Sheet) to, but not including, the date that is five (5) Business Days after the MBS Delivery Date Deadline 
(collectively, the “Cash Collateral”).  Prior to the MBS Delivery Date, the principal of, premium, if any, and interest 
on the Bonds will be paid from amounts on deposit in the Revenue Fund and the Bond Proceeds Fund along with the 
investment earnings thereon. See “SECURITY FOR AND SOURCES OF PAYMENT FOR THE BONDS” herein.    
2 
On the MBS Delivery Date, amounts on deposit in the Bond Procee ds Fund will be used by the Trustee to 
purchase the MBS, which will then secure the payment of the Bon ds.  On or prior to the Closing Date, Fannie Mae 
will enter into a commitment with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (the “Lender”), the Fannie Mae-approved 
lender of the Mortgage Loan, to deliver the MBS to the Trustee for purchase.  The commitment to deliver the MBS is 
subject to the satisfaction of certain requirements and precond itions and does not extend to the benefit of any other 
third party, including the beneficial owners of the Bonds, the Issuer or the Trustee.  No representations or assurances 
can be provided as to whether or not such conditions can or will be satisfied.   
If the MBS is not delivered on or before the MBS Delivery Date Deadline specified in the Term Sheet, as 
such date may be extended pursuant to the terms of the Indentur e, then funds then on deposit in the Bond Proceeds 
Fund and the Revenue Fund will be used to redeem the Bonds as set forth in the Indenture.  The Bonds are also subject 
to mandatory redemption in whole or in part as further described herein.  See “DESCRIPTION OF THE BONDS — 
Mandatory Redemption of Bonds.” 
Following the MBS Delivery Date, the principal amount of the Bonds Outstanding will equal the then-current 
principal amount of the MBS, which will equal the product of the original aggregate principal amount of the Mortgage 
Loan and the then-applicable factor posted by Fannie Mae as the  Mortgage Loan amortizes or is otherwise prepaid 
(the “MBS Factor”).  MBS Factors with respect to MBSs can be found on Fannie Mae’s website and can be accessed 
through DUS Disclose. 
The interest rate on the Bonds is set forth in the Term Sheet (the “Pass-Through Rate”).  Prior to the MBS 
Delivery Date, principal, if due, and interest on the Bonds will be payable monthly on the 26th day of the month, or 
the next succeeding Business Day if such 26th day is not a Busi ness Day, commencing May 26, 2020, until and 
including the 26th day of the month in which the MBS Delivery D ate occurs.  Commencing in the first month after 
the month in which the MBS Delivery Date occurs, principal, if due, and interest will be payable on the first Business 
Day following receipt of a payment representing principal, if due, and interest under the MBS.  Principal and interest 
on the Bonds are payable by the Trustee to DTC, which will be responsible for remitting such principal and interest 
to its Participants, which will be responsible for remitting such principal and interest to the Beneficial Owners of the 
Bonds.  The payment of interest on each Payment Date shall relate to the interest accrued during the preceding calendar 
month. 
The Bonds are limited obligations of the Issuer, payable solely  from and secured by the pledge pursuant to 
the Indenture of the Trust Estate, consisting of revenues from the MBS (the “ MBS Revenues” )  a n d  o t h e r  f u n d s  
pledged therefor under the Indenture.  See “SECURITY FOR AND SOURCES OF PAYMENT FOR THE BONDS.” 
THE BONDS AND THE INTEREST THEREON ARE LIMITED OBLIGATIONS OF THE ISSUER, 
PAYABLE SOLELY FROM THE TRUST ESTATE UNDER THE INDENTURE.  NEITHER THE ISSUER, 
A N Y  O F  I T S  C O M M I S S I O N E R S ,  T H E  S T A T E ,  N O R  A N Y  P O L I T I C A L  S U B D I V I SION THEREOF 
(EXCEPT THE ISSUER, TO THE LIMITED EXTENT SET FORTH IN THE INDE NTURE) NOR ANY 
PUBLIC AGENCY SHALL IN ANY EVENT BE LIABLE FOR THE PAYMENT OF THE PRINCIPAL OF, 
PREMIUM (IF ANY) OR INTEREST ON THE BONDS OR FOR THE PERFORMANCE OF ANY PLEDGE, 
OBLIGATION OR AGREEMENT OF ANY K IND WHATSOEVER EXCEPT AS SET FO RTH IN THE 
INDENTURE, AND NONE OF THE BONDS OR ANY OF THE ISSUER’S AGREEMENTS OR 
OBLIGATIONS SHALL BE CONSTRUED TO CONSTITUTE AN INDEBTEDNESS OF  OR A PLEDGE 
OF THE FAITH AND CREDIT OF OR A LOAN OF THE CREDIT OF OR A MORA L OBLIGATION OF 
ANY OF THE FOREGOING WITHIN THE MEANING OF ANY CONSTITUTIONAL O R STATUTORY 
PROVISION WHATSOEVER.  THE ISSUER HAS NO TAXING POWER. 
Descri
ptions, certain definitions and final terms of the Bonds, the Borrower, the Project, the Mortgage Loan 
and the MBS, are included in the Term Sheet.  All summaries or descriptions herein of documents and agreements are 
qualified in their entirety by reference to such documents and agreements and all summaries herein of the Bonds are 
qualified in their entirety by reference to the Indenture and the provisions with respect thereto included in the aforesaid 
documents and agreements.  Copies of the Indenture and the Financing Agreement are available for inspection at the 
office of the Trustee.  The Borrower will provide certain information on an ongoing basis to the Municipal Securities 
Rulemaking Board (the “ MSRB”).  For a description of the Borrower’s undertaking with respect to ongoing 
disclosure, see “CONTINUING DISCLOSURE” herein.  
3 
The Project is expected to include energy efficiency improvements and features in a manner that is consistent 
with Fannie Mae’s Multifamily Green Bond Framework (the “Green Bond Framework”).  See “THE FANNIE MAE 
GREEN MORTGAGE LOAN PROGRAM” herein. 
THE ISSUER 
The following information has been provided by the Issuer for use herein.  While the information is believed 
to be reliable, none of the Trustee, the Borrower, the Underwriter, the Lender, Fannie Mae nor any of their respective 
counsel, members, officers or emplo yees makes any representations as to the accuracy or sufficiency of such 
information. 
The Issuer is a public body and a body corporate and politic of the State of North Carolina created pursuant 
to the Act by a resolution of the City Council of the City of Charlotte, North Carolina adopted on December 7, 1938.  
The Issuer has been in continuous operation since that date.  T he Issuer’s powers are vested in seven commissioners 
appointed by the Charlotte City Council: two (2) appointed dire ctly by the Mayor and five (5) appointed by other 
members of Council.  At least one member must be a resident of assisted (low income) housing.  Under the Act, the 
Issuer is authorized to prepare, carry out and operate housing projects and provide for the construction thereof, to 
make loans for assistance in acquisition and rehabilitation of residential buildings and to arrange or contract for the 
furnishing by any person or agen cy, public or private, of servi ces in connection with a housing project for the 
occupants thereof.  The Issuer also has power to issue bonds and other obligations for any of the foregoing purposes. 
EXCEPT FOR INFORMATION CONCERNING THE ISSUER IN THIS SECTION AN D “NO 
LITIGATION” (WITH RESPECT TO THE ISSUER), NONE OF THE INFORMATI ON IN THIS OFFICIAL 
STATEMENT HAS BEEN SUPPLIED OR VERIFIED BY THE ISSUER, AND THE ISSUER MAKES NO 
R E P R E S E N T A T I O N  O R  W A R R A N T Y ,  E X P R E S S  O R  I M P L I E D ,  A S  T O  T H E  A C C U RACY OR 
COMPLETENESS OF SUCH INFORMATION. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE BONDS 
General 
The Bonds will be issued in the denominations of $1,000 and integral multiples of $1 in excess thereof.  The 
Bonds are issuable only as fully registered bonds without coupons and will be registered in the name of Cede & Co., 
as nominee of The Depository Trust Company (“DTC”), New York, New York.  DTC will act as securities depository 
for the Bonds.  Individual purchases will be made in book-entry  form only.  Purchasers will not receive bonds 
representing their interest in the Bonds purchased.  See “APPENDIX F — BOOK-ENTRY SYSTEM.” 
The Bonds will be dated and have a final maturity date and a fi nal payment date on the respective dates 
identified in the Term Sheet.  The Bonds will bear interest from their dated date at the Pass-Through Rate set forth in 
the Term Sheet.  Interest on the Bonds shall be computed for th e actual number of days which have elapsed, on the 
basis of a 360-day year.  The payment of interest on each Payment Date shall relate to the interest accrued during the 
preceding calendar month. 
Prior to the MBS Delivery Date, interest on the Bonds will be payable monthly on the 26th day of the month, 
or the next succeeding Business Day if such 26th day is not a B usiness Day, commencing May 26, 2020, to the 
Bondholders of record at the close of business on the last Business Day of the calendar month immediately preceding 
each Payment Date (the “Record Date”).  Commencing in the first month immediately following the month in which 
the MBS Delivery Date occurs, interest on the Bonds will be payable monthly on the Business Day immediately after 
the date of receipt by the Trustee of a payment received on the MBS. 
Prior to the MBS Delivery Date, all payments of interest with r espect to the Bonds will be paid to the 
Bondholders by the Trustee from funds held in the Revenue Fund under the Indenture.  Commencing in the first month 
after the month in which the MBS Delivery Date occurs, on the f irst Business Day following receipt of a payment 
representing principal, if due, and interest under the MBS, the Trustee will pay to the Bondholders of record as of the 
applicable 
Record Date the amount  so received as a payment of p rincipal, if due, and interest on the Bonds.  All 
payments of principal and interest with respect to the Bonds wi ll be paid to the Bondholders in proportion to the  
4 
principal amount of each Bond owned by each such owner as set forth on the records of the Trustee as of the Record 
Date. 
So long as Cede & Co. or another nominee designated by DTC is the registered owner of the Bonds, principal 
and interest on the Bonds are pa yable by the Trustee to DTC, wh ich will be responsible for remitting such principal 
and interest to its Participants, which will be responsible for  remitting such principal and interest to the Beneficial 
Owners of the Bonds.  See “APPENDIX F — BOOK-ENTRY SYSTEM.”  So long as Cede & Co. is the registered 
owner of the Bonds, all references in this Official Statement to the owners or holders of the Bonds (other than under 
the headings “TAX MATTERS” and “CONTINUING DISCLOSURE”), means Cede & Co. and not the Beneficial 
Owners of the Bonds. 
Transfer of Bonds 
While DTC is securities depository for book-entry Bonds, the transfer of beneficial ownership of Bonds shall 
take place as described in “APPENDIX F — BOOK-ENTRY SYSTEM.”  I f DTC were to terminate its status as 
securities depository for the Bonds and, as a result, Bonds were no longer book-entry securities, no transfer of a Bond 
will be made unless made upon the records of the Issuer kept fo r that purpose at the corporate trust office of the 
Trustee, by the registered owner of the Bond or by its attorney  duly authorized in writing, upon surrender thereof 
together with a written instrument  of transfer sa tisfactory to the Trustee.  Upon the transfer of any such Bond, the 
Issuer shall issue and the Trustee shall authenticate and deliv er to and in the name of the transferee a new fully 
registered Bond, of the same series, aggregate principal amount , interest rate, maturity and other terms as the 
surrendered Bond.   
At all times, the Issuer and the Trustee may deem and treat the  person in whose name any Bond shall be 
registered upon the records of the Issuer as the absolute owner of such Bond, whether such Bond shall be a book-entry 
security or not, for the purpose of receiving payment of, or on account of, the principal of and interest on such Bond 
and for all other purposes and all such payments so made to any such registered owner or upon his order shall be valid 
and effectual to satisfy and discharge the liability upon such Bond to the extent of the sum or sums so paid. 
Mandatory Redemption of Bonds 
The Bonds are subject to mandatory redemption prior to maturity as follows: 
Mandatory Redemption Prior to MBS Delivery Date.  On any Paymen t Date that occurs prior to or during 
the month in which the MBS is delivered to the Trustee, the Bonds are subject to mandatory redemption in part in an 
amount equal to the amount due on the first day of the month in  which such Payment Date occurs as shown in the 
Mortgage Loan Amortization Schedule, payable with respect to principal, from money on deposit in the Bond 
Proceeds Fund, and with respect to interest, from money on deposit in the Revenue Fund. 
Mandatory Redemption Upon Failure to Purchase the MBS.  The Bonds are subject to mandatory redemption 
in whole five (5) calendar days a fter the MBS Delivery Date Dea dline at a Redemption Price equal to 100% of the 
Outstanding principal amount thereof, plus interest accrued but  unpaid from the first day of the month in which the 
last Payment Date occurred (or, if no Payment Date has occurred, from the Closing Date) to, but not including, such 
redemption date, if the MBS Delivery Date has not occurred on or prior to the MBS Delivery Date Deadline, payable 
with respect to principal first, from money on deposit in the Bond Proceeds Fund, and with respect to premium, if any, 
and interest, from money on deposit in the Revenue Fund. 
Mandatory Redemption on the MBS Delivery Date.  The Bonds are subject to mandatory redemption in part 
on the MBS Delivery Date at a Redemption Price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Bonds to be redeemed, 
plus interest accrued but unpaid from the first day of the month in which the last Payment Date occurred to the MBS 
Delivery Date, in an amount equal to the difference between (i)  the principal amount of the MBS purchased on the 
MBS Delivery Date and (ii) the aggregate principal amount of the Bonds Outstanding as of the first day of the month 
in which the MBS Delivery Date occurred, payable with respect to principal first, from money on deposit in the Bond 
Proceeds Fund, and with  respect to interest and premium, if any , from money on deposit in the Revenue Fund and 
other Eligible Funds.  
5 
Mandatory Redemption Following the MBS Delivery Date.  Followin g the MBS Delivery Date, the Bonds 
are subject to mandatory redemption in whole or in part one Bus iness Day after the date on which each principal 
payment or prepayment is received pursuant to the MBS, at a Redemption Price equal to 100% of the principal amount, 
plus interest and premium, if any, received pursuant to the MBS. 
Mandatory Redemption in Lieu of Exchange.  The Bonds are subjec t to mandatory redemption in whole or 
in part in the event the Issuer elects pursuant to the Indentur e to redeem a Beneficial Owner’s Bonds for an amount 
equal to the Cash Value (as defined below under “– Optional Exc hange of Bonds for MBS”) in lieu of delivering to 
the Beneficial Owner of the Bonds its proportional interest in the MBS based upon its proportional interest in the 
Bonds.  Any such redemption shall be made in the amounts, from the sources and in accordance with the provisions 
of the Indenture.   
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Indenture, the Bonds are not subject to optional redemption 
other than in connection with a prepayment of the Mortgage Loan. 
See “DESCRIPTION OF THE BONDS – O ptional Exchange of Bonds for MBS” below; see also 
“APPENDIX C – SUMMARY OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS OF THE INDENTURE – Mandatory Redemption of 
Bonds” and “– Notice of Redemption” attached hereto. 
Optional Exchange of Bonds for MBS 
Following delivery of the MBS to the Trustee, a Beneficial Owne r of Bonds may file with the Trustee a 
written request, in the form attached as an exhibit to the Inde nture or such other form as may be approved by the 
Trustee (the “Request Notice”), to exchange Bonds for a like principal amount of the MBS, provided, that (i) the MBS 
will be, when delivered, in a face amount equal to $1,000 or a multiple of $1 in excess thereof, and (ii) the Project is 
complete and placed in service by the Borrower as evidenced by a certificate from the Borrower confirming that the 
Project is placed in service for purposes of Section 42 of the Code.  The Request Notice must be delivered to the 
Trustee at least five (5) Business Days prior to the Exchange Date (as defined in the Request Notice). 
Upon receipt of a Request Notice, the Trustee shall immediately  provide a copy to the Issuer and the 
Lender.  The Issuer shall then have up to four (4) Business Days, in its sole discretion, to provide written direction to 
the Trustee to either (i) deliver to the Beneficial Owner of the Bonds its proportional interest in the MBS based upon 
such Beneficial Owner’s proportional interest in the Bonds or (ii) redeem the Beneficial Owner’s Bonds for an amount 
equal to the Cash Value (as defined herein) as of the Exchange Date.  Any failure of the Issuer to provide direction 
within the period set forth in the prior sentence shall be deemed a direction to deliver the MBS in lieu of redeeming 
the Bonds.  Immediately upon receiving the Issuer’s direction, the Trustee shall notify such Beneficial Owner of the 
Issuer’s direction.  Upon receipt of any Bonds from the request ing Beneficial Owner in compliance with the 
requirements of this section, the Trustee will promptly cancel the Bonds being exchanged or redeemed, which will 
not be reissued. 
Cash Value = original face amount of the MBS x MBS Factor x (1 + Redemption Premium (R) + (Initial 
Offering Premium (I) x MBS Factor)) – an amount equal to the principal to be received by such Beneficial Owner on 
the next Payment Date (if the date of redemption occurs between the Record Date and such Payment Date) 
Where R = 5% if the exchange occurs during the first five years from the Closing Date; 
= 4% during the sixth year; 
= 3% during the seventh year; 
= 2% during the eighth year; 
= 1% during the ninth year; and 
= 0% thereafter  
and I = offering price of the Bonds (100%)  
6 
In the event that the Issuer elects (or is deemed to have elected) to deliver the Beneficial Owner’s proportional 
interest in the MBS in lieu of redeeming the Bonds, after valid ating the exchange request, the Trustee shall transfer 
and deliver to such requesting Beneficial Owner, the Trustee’s beneficial ownership interest in the Beneficial Owner’s 
proportional interest in the MBS (appropriately reduced by any principal payment received by the Beneficial Owner 
as a result of its being the record owner of such Bonds to be exchanged on the applicable Record Date for the next 
succeeding Payment Date) on the date specified in the Request Notice promptly following (i) delivery to the Trustee 
(via DTC withdrawal or Deposit/W ithdrawal At Custodian (“DWAC”) ) of the Bonds being exchanged and (ii) 
payment by the requesting Beneficial Owner of the Trustee’s exc hange fee ($1,000 as of the date of the Indenture) 
with respect to such Bonds.  Such Beneficial Owner’s proportional interest in the MBS will be (1) in book-entry form 
and (2) transferred in accordance with current market practices , including the applicable provisions of SIFMA’s 
Uniform Practices for the Clearance and Settlement of Mortgage-Backed Securities and Other Related Securities .  
The proportional interest in the MBS delivered in such an excha nge will not be exchangeable for Bonds.  If the 
Exchange Date is subsequent to a Record Date and prior to a corresponding Payment Date for the Bonds, the Trustee 
shall wire the applicable principal and interest payments on th e exchanged Bonds to the Beneficial Owner using the 
wire transfer instructions set forth on the Request Notice.  Any premium due in connection with a redemption pursuant 
to the terms of this section Optional Exchange of Bonds for MBS shall be paid with Eligible Funds provided by or on 
behalf of the Issuer. 
In the event that the Issuer elects to redeem Bonds in lieu of an exchange with the MBS, the Beneficial Owner 
shall arrange with its securities dealer (and/or DTC participan t )  t o  d e l i v e r  s u c h  B o n d s  t o  t h e  T r u s t e e  ( v i a  D T C  
withdrawal or DWAC) on or before such redemption date.  Once such delivery has been verified and approved by the 
Trustee, the Trustee shall transfer a like principal amount of the MBS to or upon the order of the Issuer in exchange 
for an amount equal to the Cash Value plus interest accrued but  unpaid on the MBS (less any interest to be received 
by the Beneficial Owner on the next Payment Date if the redempt ion occurs between the Record Date and such 
Payment Date) and apply the proceeds of such transfer to the pa yment of the Redemption Price of the Bonds on the 
Payment Date by wiring such amount to the Beneficial Owner at its wire transfer instructions set forth on the Request 
Notice.  
None of Fannie Mae, the Trustee or the Issuer shall have any li ability to the Beneficial Owner arising from 
(i) the exercise by the Issuer in its sole discretion of the option to exchange or redeem the Bonds, (ii) any exchange or 
redemption of Bonds described under this heading “Optional Exchange of Bonds for MBS” or (iii) any of the costs or 
expenses hereof.  Interest on such MBS is not excludable from g ross income for federal income tax purposes.  
Bondholders should consult their own tax advisors concerning that and other tax consequences of any exchange of a 
Bond for the MBS. 
THE MORTGAGE LOAN 
General 
The Indenture authorizes the Issu er to issue the Bonds to finan ce a portion of the cost of the acquisition, 
rehabilitation and equipping of the Project through the acquisi tion of the MBS and to pay certain additional costs 
related thereto.  The Bonds will be secured initially by the Ca sh Collateral, and then by the MBS, if issued.  Fannie 
Mae is expected to deliver the MBS to the Trustee on the MBS Delivery Date, which MBS is to be purchased by the 
Trustee with the Cash Collateral on deposit under the Indenture.  The Lender has undertaken to certify that the MBS 
has terms consistent with the Term Sheet and meets the requirements set forth in the Indenture, on which certification 
the Trustee may rely and act without further investigation.  Th e Mortgage Loan is to be evidenced by the Mortgage 
Note, executed by the Borrower in favor of the Lender and secured by the Multifamily Deed of Trust, Assignment of 
Leases and Rents, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing (the “ Mortgage”).  The Borrower is required under the 
Mortgage Note to make monthly payments sufficient in the aggregate to pay debt service on the Mortgage Loan. 
MBS Payments 
Following the MBS Delivery Date, if such date occurs, payments on the MBS will be made on the 25th day 
of each month (beginning with th e month following the month in which the MBS is issued and delivered to the 
Trustee), or, if such 25th day is not a Business Day, on the fi rst Business Day next succeeding such 25th day.  With 
resp
ect to the MBS, Fannie Mae will distribute to the Trustee a n amount equal to the total of (i) the principal due on  
7 
the Mortgage Loan underlying the MBS during the period beginnin g on the second day of the month prior to the 
month of such distribution and ending on the first day of such month of distribution, (ii) the stated principal balance 
of the Mortgage Loan that was prepaid in full during the calendar month next preceding the month of such distribution 
(including as prepaid for this purpose at Fannie Mae’s election the Mortgage Loan after it is delinquent, in whole or 
in part, with respect to four consecutive installments of principal and interest; or because of Fannie Mae’s election to 
repurchase the Mortgage Loan under certain other circumstances) , (iii) the amount of any partial prepayment of the 
Mortgage Loan received in the calendar month next preceding the month of distribution, and (iv) one month’s interest 
at the Pass-Through Rate on the principal balance of the MBS as reported to the Trustee (assuming the Trustee is the 
registered holder) in connection with the previous distribution  (or, respecting the first distribution, the principal 
balance of the MBS on its issue date). 
For purposes of distribution, the Mortgage Loan will be considered to have been prepaid in full if, in Fannie 
Mae’s reasonable judgment, the full amount finally recoverable on account of the Mortgage Loan has been received, 
whether or not such full amount is equal to the stated principal balance of the Mortgage Loan.  See also “APPENDIX A 
– FANNIE MAE MORTGAGE-BACKED SECURITIES PROGRAM.”  
FANNIE MAE GREEN MORTGAGE LOAN PROGRAM 
Background 
In 2010, Fannie Mae launched the Green Rewards program with a m ission to target positive, measurable 
impacts to environmental, social and financial outcomes.  Since that time, Fannie Mae has created financing solutions 
that incorporate energy- and water-efficiency and energy-genera tion concepts into traditional mortgage lending.  
Fannie Mae’s Green Bond issuances support the retrofitting of U.S. rental housing stock to become more energy- and 
water-efficient and recognizes investments in green building certifications, resulting in more cost-effective properties 
for owners to operate.  More information on the positive impact s of the Fannie Mae Green Rewards Program can be 
found at https://multifamily.fanniemae.com/sites/g/files/koqyhd161/files/migrated-files/content/tool/mf-green-bond-
impact-report.pdf. 
Fannie Mae Green Mortgage Loan and Green MBS 
Fannie Mae offers Green mortgage loan products through its Delegated Underwriting and Servicing (“DUS”) 
program, including Green Rewards and Green Building Certification.  These product offerings are a result of a multi-
year effort to develop and test products and industry partnerships while maintaining the core credit characteristics and 
underwriting standards of the DUS program.  Fannie Mae’s Green Mortgage Loans are originated in the same way as 
Fannie Mae’s other DUS production.  Fannie Mae commits to acquire the Green Mortgage Loan from the Lender if it 
conforms to all of the credit underwriting requirements of the DUS program, as well as the Green requirements of its 
particular Green financing program.  Once the security is issued, the investor receives the Green MBS into its portfolio.  
The Green MBS is similar to the DUS MBS market that exists toda y.  Fannie Mae’s Green MBS carries all of the 
benefits of the traditional Fannie Mae DUS MBS while also delivering environmental, social and financial benefits.  
Program Requirements 
The Project is expected to qualify for Fannie Mae’s Green Rewards program.  Projects that qualify for a 
Green Rewards loan contain energy and water efficiency measures (“EWEMs”) that are projected to reduce the entire 
property’s annual energy and/or water consumption by at least 30%, inclusive of at least 15% reduction through a 
combination of renewable energy generation and/or energy consum ption reduction.  Eligible EWEMs include: solar 
photovoltaic systems; energy efficient heating, ventilation, an d air conditioning (HVAC) s ystems; energy efficient 
boilers; energy efficient lighting, such as LED; control technologies, such as smart thermostats in each residential unit 
and Building Managemen t (BMS) systems for central building control; water efficient fixtures including low-flow 
toilets and faucets; energy efficient appliances such as ENERGY  STAR® refrigerators; and energy saving 
improvements such as adding insulation, low U-factor and low so lar heat gain coefficien t (SHGC) windows, light 
reflective roofing, roof gardens, etc. 
Securing the Green MBS designation on a Green Rewards loan requires the Lender to complete a High-
Performance Building Report that meets ASHRAE (American Society of Heating, Refrigerating and Air-Conditioning  
8 
Engineers) Level II and Fannie Mae standards, using a qualified  independent High Performance Building (HPB) 
consultant.  The report informs the Borrower of opportunities at the Project to save energy and water, and provides 
the list from which the Borrower must select improvements that are expected to reduce the whole property’s annual 
energy and/or water consumption by at least 30%, inclusive of at least 15% energy savings through a combination of 
renewable energy generation and/or energy consumption reduction  to qualify.  Fannie Mae is also in the process of 
adding the United States Environmental Protection Agency (the “EPA”) water score (a score indicating relative water 
consumption for multifamily properties) to the list of required  reporting from borrowers in the Green Financing 
business. 
At the time of closing the loan, the Borrower must commit to re port to Fannie Mae annually the property’s 
energy and water performance incl uding the ENERGY STAR Score So urce Energy Use Intensity (EUI) US EPA 
Water Score, and Water Use Intensity (WUI).  The Lender must submit the HPB Report to Fannie Mae at the time of 
loan delivery, which will occur after locking the rate and closing the loan with the Borrower.   
Fannie Mae has established governa nce and risk management proce dures that ensure frequent and 
comprehensive audits of consultants, reports, and property perf ormance data.  Audits are r esults-based and include 
site visits for verification.  If buildings or consultants fail  to meet the criteria, there is a mechanism to remove them 
from eligibility.  Fannie Mae has issued a Green Bond Impact Report including projected GHG emissions reductions 
by its lending portfolio.   
CICERO Second Opinion: Alignment with Green Bond Principles 
In June 2018, Fannie Mae engaged the Center for International C limate and Environmental Research 
(“CICERO”) to review its Green Bond Framework.  CICERO issued its Second Opinion and found that the framework 
aligns with the International Capital Markets Association’s (“ICMA”) Green Bond Principles, an internationally 
recognized standard for green bon ds.  CICERO recognized Fannie Mae for well-established governance and risk 
management procedures, internal annual review and revision by t he Green Financing Business Team, transparent 
reporting procedures and in-house technical expertise and tools .  CICERO’s Second Opinion can be found at 
https://multifamily.fanniemae.com/sites/g/files/koqyhd161/files/migratedfiles/content/fact_sheet/green-bond-
second-opinion.pdf. 
Post-Issuance Reporting 
Information related to the Fannie Mae Green Financing, including the Green Bond Framework, is available 
at www.fanniemaegreenfinancing.com.  In addition, Fannie Mae maintains a file listing all of the MBS and Guaranteed 
Multifamily Structures (“GeMS”) products backed by Fannie Mae G reen Financing products by Pool Number and 
CUSIP Identifier ( https://www.fanniemae.com/multifamily/green-initiative-green-mbs).  For more extensive 
disclosure, investors can look up any DUS or GeMS tranche CUSIP  Identifier in Fannie Mae’s public disclosure 
system, DUS Disclose ( https://mfdusdisclose.fanniemae.com/#/home) where at-issuance and on-going data is 
available for all of its DUS MBS.  This system includes the ene rgy and water performance data reported by all 
borrowers using Green Financing products.  Currently on DUS Disclose, each property behind a Green Bonds reports 
i t s  a t - i s s u a n c e  E N E R G Y  S T A R  S c o r e  a n d  S o u r c e  E n e r g y  U s e  I n t e n s ity (EUI) along with the date of that data.  
Additionally, Fannie Mae annually publishes a file detailing th e Environmental Impact per CUSIP where projected 
GHG emission reductions, which can be found at https://multifamily.fanniemae.com/financing-options/specialty-
financing/green-financing/green-mission-impact. 
An impact report is made available on the Fannie Mae website on  a n  a n n u a l  b a s i s  a t  
https://multifamily.fanniemae.com/financing-options/specialty-financing/green-financing/green-mission-impact.  
The details of this report include 1) a list of the different c ategories of eligible assets f inanced and the percentage 
distribution to each Green Mortgage Lon product category, 2) a description of the environmental and social impact of 
Green Bond issuances and 3) a su mmary of Fannie Mae’s green bond development and green financing activities in 
general including energy versus water investments.  A breakdown  of investments can be viewed at 
https://multifamily.fanniemae.com/financing-options/specialty-financing/green-financing/green-bonds.    
9 
Measurement and Verification 
Fannie Mae has implemented a service for borrowers and lenders to streamline and simplify the annual 
reporting of energy and water performance data.  Fannie Mae has engaged a service provider, Bright Power, to provide 
measurement and verification serv ices related to Fannie Mae Gre en Bonds to assist lenders and borrowers in 
measuring annual energy and water performance.  Additional info rmation on this service can be found at 
https://multifamily.fanniemae.com/sites/g/files/koqyhd161/files/migrated-files/content/faq/mf-green-measurement-
verification-service-borrower.pdf. 
SECURITY FOR AND SOURCES OF PAYMENT FOR THE BONDS 
In order to secure the payment of the principal of and interest  on the Bonds, the Issuer has pledged to the 
Trust Estate for the Bonds, subject to terms and provisions of the Indenture, the following:   
(i) All right, title and interest of the Issuer in and to amounts on deposit in the Bond Proceeds Fund to 
be funded on the Closing Date in an amount equal to the principal amount of the Bonds; 
(ii) All amounts on deposit in the Revenue Fund; 
(iii) The MBS, if issued by Fannie Mae and acquired by the Trustee, and all MBS Revenues; 
(iv) All right, title and interest of the Issuer now owned or hereaf ter acquired in, to and under the 
Financing Agreement and the Regulatory Agreement, except Reserved Rights; and; 
(v) All other property which by the express provisions of the Inden ture is required to be subject to the 
lien of the Indenture, and any additional property that, from time to time, by delivery or by writing 
of any kind, may be subjected to the lien of the Indenture, by the Issuer or by anyone on its behalf, 
and the Trustee is authorized by the Indenture to receive the same at any time as additional security 
under the Indenture; provided, however, that the Trust Estate s hall not include amounts on deposit 
in the Rebate Fund or the Rehabilitation Fund. 
The foregoing pledge is made for the equal and proportionate be nefit, security and protection of all present 
and future owners of the Bonds. 
Prior to the delivery of the MBS, the Bonds will be secured by the deposit with the Trustee of the proceeds 
received from the sale of the Bonds and other Eligible Funds held under the Indenture by the Trustee in an aggregate 
amount equal to the outstanding principal amount of the Bonds.  The Trustee will use Eligible Funds held under the 
Indenture along with interest earnings thereon to (a) pay princ ipal, premium, if any, and interest on the Bonds when 
due, and (b) acquire, if and when issued, the MBS, upon satisfa ction of the conditions set forth in the Indenture and 
upon satisfaction of the conditions precedent to the issuance o f the MBS and compliance with the commitment 
between Fannie Mae and the Lender. 
It is anticipated that if the conditions to the issuance of the MBS are satisfied, the MBS will be available for 
acquisition by the Trustee on or before the MBS Delivery Date D eadline, as such date may be extended as provided 
in the Indenture.  Following the delivery of the MBS to the Tru stee, if delivered, payments of principal and interest 
on the Bonds will be payable from pass-through payments received by the Trustee on the MBS. 
If the MBS is not acquired by the Trustee prior to the MBS Deli very Date Deadline (as such date may be 
extended pursuant to the Indenture), the Bonds will be redeemed from Eligible Funds held under the Indenture as set 
forth in “DESCRIPTION OF THE BONDS — Mandatory Redemption of Bo nds — Mandatory Redemption Upon 
Failure to Purchase the MBS” hereto.  
10 
PRIVATE PARTICIPANTS 
The following information concerning the private participants has been provided by representatives of the 
private participants and has not been independently confirmed or verified by either the Underwriter or the Issuer.  No 
representation is made herein as to the accuracy or adequacy of such information or as to the absence of material 
adverse changes in such information subsequent to the date hereof. 
The Borrower 
The Borrower is Northcross Preservation, L.P., a New York limit ed partnership (the “ Borrower”).  The 
Borrower is a single-purpose entity formed to acquire, construct, rehabilitate and operate the Project.  The Borrower’s 
general partner is Northcross Preservation GP, LLC, a New York limited liability company (the “General Partner”).  
The General Partner is controlled by The Related Companies, L.P., a New York limited partnership (“Related”). 
Operating through an affiliated group of companies referred to collectively as “Related” or “Related 
Companies,” Related is a global real estate company.  Formed over 40 years ago, Related is a fully integrated, highly 
diversified industry leader with e xperience in virtually every aspect of development, acquisitions, management, 
finance, marketing and sales.  Headquartered in New York City, Related has offices in Boston, Chicago, Los Angeles, 
San Francisco and London, and boasts a team of approximately 4,000 professionals.  Related Affordable is the division 
of Related Companies that develops, acquires and preserves affo rdable housing throughout the nation, having 
preserved and rehabilitated over 40,000 affordable units under the low income housing tax credit program.  Affordable 
housing laid the foundation of Related Companies, and its broad  portfolio of affordable and mixed-income 
developments demonstrates the company’s continuing ability to c reate affordable housing opportunities in a variety 
of geographically, economically and socially diverse neighborhoods.  Related owns and operates a portfolio of more 
than 60,000 affordable and workforce housing units. 
The Developer 
Northcross Developer, LLC, a New York limited liability company  ( t h e  “Developer”), will act as the 
developer for the rehabilitation of the Project in accordance with a development services agreement with the Borrower 
whereby the Developer will be res ponsible for certain developme nt services in connection with the Project and for 
which the Developer will receive a development fee from the Borrower.  The Developer is an affiliate of the Borrower.  
Affiliates of the Developer have ample experience in acquisition and rehabilitation of affordable units throughout the 
country and overseen the rehabilitation of over 40,000 units. 
Investor Limited Partner 
A t  t h e  t i m e  o f  i s s u a n c e  o f  t h e  B o n d s ,  t h e  B o r r o w e r  e x p e c t s  t o  admit Wells Fargo Affordable Housing 
Community Development Corporation, a North Carolina corporation , as an investor limited partner (the “ Investor 
Limited Partner”) to the Borrower with a 99.99% ownership interest in the Borr ower.  The funding of the federal 
low-income housing tax credit (“LIHTC”) equity (“LIHTC Equity”) by the Investor Limited Partner is expected to 
total approximately $6,245,086.  The funding levels and the timing of the funding are subject to numerous adjustments 
and conditions that could result in the amounts funded and/or t he timing or even occurrence of the funding varying 
significantly from the projections set forth above and no representation is made as to the availability of such funds. 
Limited Assets and Obligation of Borrower, General Partner and Investor Limited Partner 
The Borrower and the General Partner have not previously engage d in other business operations, and have 
no historical earnings prior to their acquisition of the Projec t in September 2019.  In addition, the Borrower and 
General Partner have no substantial assets other than the Project.  The Borrower does not intend to acquire any other 
substantial assets or to engage in any substantial business act ivities other than those related to the ownership of the 
Project.  However, the member(s) of the General Partner, the Investor Limited Partner, and their affiliates are engaged 
in and will continue to engage in the acquisition, development, ownership and management of similar types of housing 
projects.  They may be financially  interested in, as officers, partners or otherwise, and devote substantial times to, 
b
usiness and activities that may be inconsistent or competitive with the interests of the Project.  
11 
The Borrower and its partners will not be personally liable for  payments on the Mortgage Note (as defined 
below), the payments on which are to be applied to pay the principal of and interest on the Bonds; nor will the Borrower 
be personally liable under the other documents executed in connection with the issuance of the Bonds and the making 
of the Mortgage Loan.  Furthermore, no representation is made that the Borrower will have substantial funds available 
for the Project.  Accordingly, neither the Borrower’s financial statements nor those of its partners are included in this 
Official Statement. 
The Architect 
The Architect is SGA | NarmourWr ight Design (the “Architect”).  The Architect is not an affiliate of the 
Developer.  The Architect has a presence in both Carolinas with  project experience in both new construction and 
rehabilitation of multi-family, education, commercial and civic  projects. The Architect has  collectively 40 years of 
experience and has assisted with the new construction and rehab ilitation of approximately 800 developments. The 
Architect’s focus on affordable multifamily housing has given it considerable experience with affordable, LIHTC, and 
HUD housing procedures. 
The General Contractor 
The general contractor for the project is Legacy Construction S ervices, LLC. (the “General Contractor”).  
The General Contractor is not an affiliate of the Developer.  B ased out of Cleveland, Ohio, the General Contractor 
was formed in 2003 and is a North Carolina-licensed contractor.  Since inception, the General Contractor has built or 
rehabilitated over 3,700 units of affordable apartments with contracts totaling over $200 ,000,000.  The General 
Contractor has extensive experience completing work on LIHTC properties. 
The Property Manager 
TRG Management Company, LLP, a Florida limited liability partne rship (the “ Property Manager”), 
currently manages and will continue to manage the Project following the rehabilitation of the Project by the Borrower.  
The Property Manager is an affiliate of the Borrower.  The Prop erty Manager presently manages over 80 properties, 
including over 10,000 affordable housing units in multiple stat es.  The Property Manager has nearly 40 years of 
experience managing affordable housing supported by various federal, state and local subsidies including HUD, tax-
exempt obligations and federal low-income housing tax credits. 
THE PROJECT 
The following information concerning the Project has been provided by representatives of the Borrower and 
has not been independently confirmed or verified by either the Underwriter or the Issuer.  No representation is made 
herein as to the accuracy or adequacy of such information or as to the absence of material adverse changes in such 
information subsequent to the date hereof. 
The Project, known as Northcross Townhomes, is located in Charlotte, North Carolina, on an approximately 
7-acre site.  The Project contains 99 apartment units located in 15 apartment buildings.  Rehabilitation and construction 
of the Project is anticipated to commence within 90 days of the  Closing Date and be completed approximately 12 
months later. 
After the proposed rehabilitation, common area improvements and site amenities will include: an office and 
community building with on-site management, an exercise room, and a business center, as well as a basketball court 
and surface parking.  There will be approximately 191 parking spaces for resident use only. 
The unit mix of the Project is as follows:  
Unit Type 
Number Approximate Square Feet 
2 BD 
3 BD 
4 BR 
45 
40 
14 
875 
1,074 
1,242 
Total 99  
  
12 
Plan of Financing 
The estimated sources and uses for the Project are projected to be approximately as follows: 
Sources of Funds  
Bonds 
Tax Credit Equity 
Deferred Developer Fee 
HUD Reserves 
$13,500,000 
6,245,086 
296,302 
172,597 
Total $20,213,985 
Uses of Funds  
Acquisition 
HUD Reserves 
Construction 
Hard Cost Contingency 
Developer Fee 
Soft Costs 
Financing and Syndication Costs 
Reserves and Escrows 
$9,000,000 
172,597 
5,743,748 
574,375 
1,340,462 
2,101,665 
779,871 
501,267 
Total $20,213,985 
 
Note: The Borrower acquired the Project in September 2019 and p aid a portion of the costs associated with the project 
utilizing certain bridge financing  and equity, included in the Uses above.  A portion of the Mortgage Loan and other sources w ill be 
used to repay such bridge financing and equity.  
All costs of issuing the Bonds, including the Underwriter’s fee, will be paid by the Borrower. 
The Mortgage Loan and the Bonds.  The Project will utilize a mortgage loan (the “ Mortgage Loan”) from 
Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (the “Lender”).  The obligation to repay the Mortgage Loan will be set forth 
in a promissory note (the “Mortgage Note”) from the Borrower to the Lender, which Mortgage Note will have a term 
of not less than 204 months, will bear interest at a rate of 3.71% and will amortize over 35 years.  The principal amount 
of the Bonds will be equal to the principal amount of the Mortgage Loan.  Following the MBS Delivery Date, payments 
on the Bonds will be payable by the Trustee from payments received by the Trustee pursuant to the MBS. 
The Tax Credit Equity .  Simultaneously with the issuance of the Bonds, the Borrower expects to offer the 
Investor Limited Partner a 99.99% ownership interest in the Bor rower in return for equity contributions based 
primarily on the receipt of cert ain benefits from the Project’s LIHTC.  The Borrower anticipates that the funding of 
the Tax Credit Equity will total approximately $6,245,086 with an initial contribution of approximately $936,763, 
which will be funded on the Closing Date.  The funding levels and the timing of the funding are subject to numerous 
adjustments and conditions which could result in the amounts funded and/or the timing or even occurrence of the 
funding varying significantly from the projections set forth above and no representation is made as to the availability 
of such funds. 
Deferred Developer Fee.  The Project will also utilize deferred developer fee in the a pproximate amount of 
$296,302 as a source of funding. 
HUD Reserves.  The Project will also use the release of existing HUD reserv es in the approximate amount 
of $172,597 as a source of funding to pay for costs related to the renovation. 
The HAP Contract 
The Borrower has an existing Hous ing Assistance Payment Renewal  Contract (the “ HAP Contract ”) 
covering all of the 99 units at the Project with an effective d ate of October 1, 2019 for a term of 20 years with an 
additional one-year automatic renewal term.  
13 
Funding under the HAP Contract is subject to annual Congression al appropriations, as more particularly 
described below.  The Section 8 project-based housing assistanc e payment program (the “ Section 8 Program ”) is 
authorized by Section 8 of the United States Housing Act of 1937, as amended, and in the case of Section 8 contracts 
is administered by local public housing authorities.  Renewals of Section 8 HAP contracts are governed by the 
Multifamily Housing Mortgage and Assistance Restructuring Act, as amended (“MAHRA”).  The Section 8 Program 
authorizes housing assistance payments to owners of qualified housing for the benefit of low-income families (defined 
generally as families whose incomes do not exceed 80% of the area median income (“AMI”) for the area as determined 
by HUD), and very low-income families (defined generally as families whose income do not exceed 50% of the AMI 
as determined by HUD).  Section 8 housing assistance payments g enerally represent the difference between the 
“contract rent” for the unit approved by HUD and the eligible tenant’s contribution, which is generally 30% of income, 
as adjusted for family size and certain expenses, subject to a minimum rent contribution.  The rents approved by HUD 
for the Project, as they may be adjusted from time to time with procedures set forth in MAHRA and the HAP Contract, 
are the “contract rents” for the Project.  The HAP Contract will require the Borrower to maintain the Project in decent, 
safe and sanitary condition and to comply with other statutory and regulatory requirements governing the operation 
of the Project, use of project f unds, and other matters.  If th e Borrower fails to comply with the terms of the HAP 
Contract, HUD or the contract administrator could seek to abate  or terminate the payments under the HAP Contract 
or take other sanctions.  MAHRA requires that upon the request of the Borrower, HUD shall renew the HAP Contract 
under the Section 8 Program.  However, because the HAP Contract  is subject to receipt of annual appropriations by 
Congress, there is no assurance that the HAP Contract will be r enewed or replaced upon its expiration.  Funding for 
HAP contracts is appropriated by Congress on an annual basis, a nd there is no assurance that adequate funding will 
be appropriated each year during the term of the HAP Contract.  Since payments received under the HAP Contract 
constitute a primary source of revenues for the Project, the expiration of the HAP Contract, or the failure of Congress 
to appropriate funds sufficient to fund the HAP Contract during each year of its term, would have a material adverse 
effect on the ability of the Project to generate revenues sufficient to pay the principal of and interest of the Mortgage 
Loan. 
Project Regulation 
The Borrower intends to rehabilitate and operate the Project as  a “qualified residential rental project” in 
accordance with the provisions of Section 142(d) of the Code.  At the time of the issuance of the Bonds, the Borrower, 
will enter into a regulatory agreement with respect to the Project (the “Regulatory Agreement”).  Under the Regulatory 
Agreement, the Borrower will agree that, at all times during the Qualified Project Period (as defined in the Regulatory 
Agreement), the Borrower will rent at least 40% of the units in  the Project to persons whose adjusted family income 
(determined in accordance with the provisions of the Code) does not exceed 60% of AMI (adjusted for family size).  
For the Project, the Qualified Project Period commences on the Closing Date and continues until the latest of (a) the 
date which is fifteen (15) years after the Closing Date, (b) the first date on which no tax-exempt private activity bonds 
with respect to the Project are outstanding for federal income tax purposes, or (c) the date on which any assistance 
provided with respect to the Project under Section 8 of the Hou s i n g  A c t  o f  1 9 3 7  t e r m i n a t e s .   T h e  f a i l u r e  o f  t h e  
Borrower to comply with the Regulatory Agreement could cause interest on the Bonds to be included in gross income 
for federal income tax purposes.  See “APPENDIX E – SUMMARY OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS OF THE 
REGULATORY AGREEMENT” herein 
In addition to the rental restrictions imposed upon the Project by the Regulatory Agreement, the Project will 
be further encumbered by a tax credit restrictive covenant, to be executed by the Borrower in connection with LIHTC 
that is anticipated to be granted for the Project and in compliance with the requirements of Section  42 of the Code.  It 
is anticipated that 100% of the residential units in the Project will be restricted under Section 42 of the Code (the 
“LIHTC Units”). 
The Project will utilize the income averaging provisions of the  Code to create a mix of income restrictions 
up to 80% of AMI such that the average is at or below 60% of AM I for each unit type.  The number of units at the 
various income levels may change from time to time, but the Project intends to remain in compliance with the income 
averaging limit average.  
In connection with the HAP Contr act, the Borrower has entered into a new Section 8 Use Agreement that 
encumbers the Project and requires the Borrower to maintain the Project as affordable housing for low-income families  
14 
for a period of twenty (20) years in accordance with the Sectio n 8 Program.  Additional restrictions are imposed on 
the operation of the Project pursuant to the HAP Contract.  See “THE PROJECT – The HAP Contract” herein. 
In the event of any conflict among these regulatory agreements or use agreements, the more restrictive 
provisions are expected to control. 
Renovations in Connection with Green Rewards Program 
As part of the rehabilitation of the Project and in order to qualify for the Green Rewards program (as described 
under the heading “FANNIE MAE GREEN MORTGAGE LOAN PROGRAM,” abo ve), the Borrower expects to 
make a number of renovations intended to generate savings with respect to energy and water usage, including 
renovations to lighting fixtures, water fixtures, HVAC systems,  and certain appliances.  In order to qualify for the 
Green Rewards program, the projected energy and water consumpti on savings generated by such renovations must 
total at least 30%, inclusive of a minimum of 15% energy consumption savings.  Based on planned renovations as of 
the date of this Official Statement, the Borrower believes that such requirements will be achieved, but no assurances 
can be made with respect to whether such requirements will in fact be satisfied once rehabilitation has been completed. 
CERTAIN BONDHOLDERS’ RISKS 
The purchase of the Bonds will involve a number of risks.  The following is a summary, which does not 
purport to be comprehensive or definitive, of some of such risk factors. 
Limited Security; Investment of Funds 
The Bonds are special limited obligations of the Issuer payable solely from the Trust Estate, which includes 
certain funds pledged to and held by the Trustee pursuant to the Indenture. 
The Bonds are offered solely on the basis of the amounts pledge d to and held by the Trustee under the 
Indenture, together with investment earnings thereon, and the MBS, and are not offered on the basis of the credit of 
the Borrower, the feasibility of the Project or any other secur ity.  As a consequence, limited information about the 
Project and no information about the financial condition or res ults of operations of the Borrower is included in this 
Official Statement.  The Bonds are offered only to investors who, in making their investment decision, rely solely on 
the amounts held under the Indenture, together with investment earnings thereon, and not on the credit of the Borrower, 
the feasibility of the Project or any other security. 
The principal of and interest on  t h e  B o n d s  a r e  p a y a b l e  f r o m  a n d secured by certain revenues and funds 
pledged thereto under the Indenture, and, following the MBS Delivery Date, from payments on the MBS.  On the date 
of delivery of the Bonds, an amount equal to the principal amou nt of the Bonds is to be deposited into the Bond 
Proceeds Fund.  The Trustee is required to invest amounts held in the Bond Proceeds Fund and the Revenue Fund in 
Eligible Investments, as defined in the Indenture.  See “APPENDIX B — SUMMARY OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS 
OF THE INDENTURE — Investment of Funds.”  Failure to receive a return of the amounts so invested could affect 
the ability to pay the principal of and interest on the Bonds. 
No Acceleration or Early Redemption Upon Loss of Tax Exemption on the Bonds 
The Borrower will covenant and agree, pursuant to the Regulatory Agreement to comply with the provisions 
of the Code relating to the exclusion from gross income for federal income tax purposes of the interest payable on the 
Bonds.  In particular, the Borrower is required to rent at leas t forty percent (40%) of the Project apartment units to 
certain qualified tenants whose income does not exceed sixty percent (60%) of the area average median income where 
the Project is located.  The Borrower’s failure to comply with such provisions will not constitute a default under the 
Bonds and will not give rise to a redemption or acceleration of  the Bonds and is not the basis for an increase in the 
rate of interest payable on the Bonds.  Furthermore, the Borrower’s failure to comply with the Regulatory Agreement 
will not give rise to a prepayment or acceleration of amounts due under the MBS or the Mortgage, unless directed by 
Fannie Mae in its sole discretion.  Consequently, interest on t he Bonds may become includable in gross income for 
purposes of federal income taxation retroactive to the date of issuance of the Bonds by reason of the Borrower’s failure 
to comply with the requirements of federal tax law.  In such event, a Bondholder could exercise its option to exchange  
15 
its Bond for the MBS as described above under the heading “DESCRIPTION OF THE BONDS — Optional Exchange 
of Bonds for MBS,” but will have lost the value of the tax-exemption. 
Payments Prior to MBS Delivery Date 
Prior to the MBS Delivery Date, payment of principal and intere st, and the Borrower’s obligations with 
respect to principal and interest on the Bonds, will be primari ly secured by and payable from Bond proceeds held in 
the Bond Proceeds Fund and moneys deposited into the Revenue Fu nd, including the Negative Arbitrage Account 
therein.  It is not expected, prior to the MBS Delivery Date, t hat any revenues from the Project or other amounts, 
except moneys on deposit in the Bond Proceeds Fund and the Reve nue Fund, will be available to satisfy that 
obligation.   Prior to the MBS Delivery Date, it is expected that moneys on deposit in the Bond Proceeds Fund and 
the Negative Arbitrage Account of the Revenue Fund, and the int erest earnings thereon, will be sufficient to pay the 
debt service on the Bonds. 
Mandatory Redemption of Bonds Prior to Maturity 
Pursuant to the Indenture, under certain circumstances, the Bonds may be subject to mandatory redemption, 
in whole or in part, prior to ma turity.  Please see “DESCRIPTIO N OF THE BONDS – Mandatory Redemption of 
Bonds” herein and APPENDIX C hereto. 
Eligible Investments 
Proceeds of the Bonds deposited into the Bond Proceeds Fund are  required to be invested in Eligible 
Investments.  See “APPENDIX B – DEFINITIONS OF CERTAIN TERMS” h ereto for the definition of Eligible 
Investments.  There can be no assurance that there will not be a loss resulting from any investment held for the credit 
of the Bond Proceeds Fund, and any failure to receive a return of the amounts so invested could affect the ability to 
pay the principal of and interest on the Bonds. 
Rating 
Prior to the MBS Delivery Date, the rating on the Bonds is base d on the investment in Eligible Investments 
of amounts on deposit in the Bond Proceeds Fund and the Revenue Fund.  If one or more of such investments fail to 
meet the rating standards for Eligible Investments after their acquisition and prior to maturity, such a change may 
result in a downgrade or withdrawal of the rating on the Bonds.  Following the MBS Delivery Date, the rating on the 
Bonds is based on the credit rating of Fannie Mae.  If any even t occurs that causes an adverse change to the credit 
rating of Fannie Mae, such a change may result in a downgrade or withdrawal of the rating on the Bonds. 
Repayment of Mortgage Loan 
The ability of the Borrower to pay the Mortgage Loan is dependent on the revenues derived from the Project.  
Due to the inherent uncertainty of future events and conditions, no assurance can be given that revenues generated by 
the Project will be sufficient to pay expenses of the Project, including without limitation, debt service on the Mortgage 
Loan, operating expenses, servicing fees, fees due to Fannie Ma e, Trustee fees, and fees owed to the Issuer.  The 
ability of the Project to generate sufficient revenues may be affected by a variety of factors including, but not limited 
to, completion of repairs to such Project, the maintenance of a  sufficient level of occupancy, the ability to achieve 
increases in rents and/or increases under the HAP Contract as necessary to cover debt service and operating expenses, 
the funding of the HAP Contract, the level of operating expenses, project management, adverse changes in applicable 
laws and regulations, general economic conditions and other factors in the surrounding market area for the Project.  
The Borrower intends to rent all of the units in the Project to persons or families of moderate and low income and the 
amount of rent that may be charged for such units may be materi ally less than market rates.  In addition to these 
factors, other adverse changes or events may occur from time to  time which may have a negative impact on the 
occupancy level and rental income of the Project. 
Failure of the Borrower to make payments when due under the Mor tgage Loan will result in an event of 
default under the Mortgage Loan and the Financing Agreement and may result in a mandatory prepayment of all or a  
16 
portion of the Bonds.  The Mortgage Loan will not be accelerated unless directed by Fannie Mae in its sole discretion 
in which case the Bonds will remain outstanding and will remain secured by the MBS guaranteed as to timely payment 
of principal and interest by Fannie Mae.  See “SECURITY FOR AND  SOURCES OF PAYMENT FOR THE 
BONDS” herein.  If Fannie Mae accelerates the Mortgage Loan as a result of any event of default under the Mortgage 
Loan, the Mortgage Loan will be paid in full, and the stated pr incipal balance of the MBS will be passed through to 
the holder of the MBS.  In this case, no yield maintenance or o ther prepayment premiums will be payable to the 
Trustee as holder of the MBS.   
The Mortgage Loan is a non-recourse obligation of the Borrower with respect to which neither the Borrower 
nor its partners have personal liability and as to which the Borrower and its partners have not pledged for the benefit 
of the Lender any of their respective assets, other than the Project and its rents, profits and proceeds. 
Bonds are Pass-Through Bonds; Interest Payment Lag 
As described elsewhere herein, following the MBS Delivery Date, the Bonds are pass-through securities 
designed to pass through to registered owners of the Bonds principal and interest payments on the MBS one Business 
Day after receipt by the Trustee of such payments on the MBS.  Interest payments on the Bonds will equal interest 
accrued on the Bonds during the prior calendar month and shall be made from interest payments received by the 
Trustee on the MBS, which payments on the MBS shall be received on the 25th day of each month, or the next 
Business Day if the 25th is not a Business Day.   
Although interest accrues on the  MBS during a calendar month, t he Trustee will not receive such payment 
on the MBS until the 25th day in the following calendar month, or the next succeeding Business Day if such day is 
not a Business Day.  In addition, the Bonds mature on the Bond Maturity Date; however, the final principal payment 
on the MBS will occur on the 25 th day of the month in which the Bond Maturity Date occurs (or th e succeeding 
Business Day if such day is not a Business Day) and such paymen t will be passed through to Bondholders on the 
following Business Day after receipt by the Trustee.  Because of these delays, the effective yield on the Bonds will be 
lower than the Pass-Through Rate on the MBS and the stated interest rate on the Bonds. 
Pass-Through Certificate 
If the MBS is issued by Fannie Mae and acquired by the Trustee as collateral for the Bonds, Fannie Mae’s 
obligations will be solely as provided in the MBS and in the Fa nnie Mae MBS Prospectus and the related form of 
Prospectus Supplement for MBS Certificate.  The obligations of Fannie Mae under the MBS will be obligations solely 
of Fannie Mae, a federally cha rtered corporation, and will not be backed by the full faith and credit of the United 
States of America.  The Bonds are not and will not be a debt of  the United States of America or any other agency or 
instrumentality of the United States of America or of Fannie Mae.  The Bonds are not and will not be guaranteed by 
the full faith and credit of Fannie Mae or the United States of America. 
It is possible, in the event of the insolvency of Fannie Mae, or the occurrence of some other event precluding 
Fannie Mae from honoring its obligations to make payments as stated in the MBS, if issued, that the financial resources 
of the Borrower will be the only source of payment on the Bonds .  There can be no assurance that the financial 
resources of the Borrower will be sufficient to pay the princip al of, premium if any, and interest on the Bonds in the 
event the Trustee is forced to seek recourse against the Borrow e r .   S e e  “ S E C U R I T Y  F O R  A N D  S O U R C E S  O F  
PAYMENT FOR THE BONDS” herein. 
Performance of the Project and Estimated Rental Revenue Vacancies 
The economic feasibility of the Project depends in large part upon the Project’s being substantially occupied 
at rentals adequate to maintain substantial occupancy throughout the term of the Bonds at sufficient rents and to cover 
all operating expenses of the Project and debt service on the Mortgage Loan.  Although representatives of the Borrower 
believe, based on surveys of the area where the Project is located, that a substantial number of persons currently need 
housing facilities such as the Project, occupancy of the Project may be affected by competition from existing housing 
facilities or from housing facilities which may be constructed in the area served by the Project.  While the Borrower 
believes the Project is needed, there may be difficulties in ke eping it substantially occupied.  Furthermore, no 
assurance can be given that the low-income tenants are able to afford the rental rates of the Project, notwithstanding  
17 
the below-market rental rates.  Restrictions imposed under the Code on tenant income and the rent that can be charged 
could have an adverse effect on the Borrower’s ability to satis fy its obligations under the Financing Agreement, 
especially if operating expenses should increase beyond what was anticipated. 
Limited Liability of Issuer 
Notwithstanding anything in the Indenture or in the Bonds, the Issuer shall not be required to advance any 
money derived from any source other than the Trust Estate, cons isting of MBS Revenues and other assets pledged 
under the Indenture for any of the purposes of the Indenture. 
No agreements or provisions contained in the Indenture, nor any agreement, covenant or undertaking by the 
Issuer contained in any document executed by the Issuer in conn ection with the Project, or the issuance, sale and 
delivery of the Bonds shall give rise to any pecuniary liabilit y of the Issuer or a charge against its general credit, or 
shall obligate the Issuer financi ally in any way except from th e application of the Trust Estate, consisting of MBS 
Revenues and other proceeds pledged to the payment of the Bonds  and the proceeds of the Bonds.  No failure of the 
Issuer to comply with any term, condition, covenant or agreemen t in the Indenture or in any document executed by 
the Issuer in connection with t he Project, or the issuance, sal e and delivery of the Bonds shall subject the Issuer to 
liability for any claim for damages, costs or other financial a nd pecuniary charge except to the extent that the same 
can be paid or recovered from the  Financing Agreement or the Tr ust Estate, consisting of MBS Revenues and other 
assets pledged to the payment of the Bonds or the proceeds of the Bonds.   
THE BONDS AND THE INTEREST THEREON ARE LIMITED OBLIGATIONS OF THE ISSUER, 
PAYABLE SOLELY FROM THE TRUST ESTATE UNDER THE INDENTURE.  NEITHER THE ISSUER, 
A N Y  O F  I T S  C O M M I S S I O N E R S ,  T H E  S T A T E ,  N O R  A N Y  P O L I T I C A L  S U B D I V I SION THEREOF 
(EXCEPT THE ISSUER, TO THE LIMITED EXTENT SET FORTH IN THE INDE NTURE) NOR ANY 
PUBLIC AGENCY SHALL IN ANY EVENT BE LIABLE FOR THE PAYMENT OF THE PRINCIPAL OF, 
PREMIUM (IF ANY) OR INTEREST ON THE BONDS OR FOR THE PERFORMANCE OF ANY PLEDGE, 
OBLIGATION OR AGREEMENT OF ANY K IND WHATSOEVER EXCEPT AS SET FO RTH IN THE 
INDENTURE, AND NONE OF THE BONDS OR ANY OF THE ISSUER’S AGREEMENTS OR 
OBLIGATIONS SHALL BE CONSTRUED TO CONSTITUTE AN INDEBTEDNESS OF  OR A PLEDGE 
OF THE FAITH AND CREDIT OF OR A LOAN OF THE CREDIT OF OR A MORA L OBLIGATION OF 
ANY OF THE FOREGOING WITHIN THE MEANING OF ANY CONSTITUTIONAL O R STATUTORY 
PROVISION WHATSOEVER.  THE ISSUER HAS NO TAXING POWER. 
Secondary Markets and Prices 
No representation is made concerning the existence of any secondary market for the Bonds.  The Underwriter 
will not be obligated to repurchase any of the Bonds, nor can a ny assurance be given that any secondary market will 
develop following the completion of the offering of the Bonds.  Further, there can be no assurance that the initial 
offering prices for the Bonds will continue for any period of t ime.  Furthermore, the Bonds should be purchased for 
their projected returns only and not for any resale potential, which may or may not exist. 
Future Legislation; IRS Examination 
The Project, its operation and the treatment of interest on the  Bonds are subject to various laws, rules and 
regulations adopted by the local, State and federal governments  and their agencies.  There can be no assurance that 
relevant local, State or federal laws, rules and regulations will not be amended or modified or interpreted in the future 
in a manner that could adversely affect the Bonds, the Trust Es tate created under the Inden ture, the Project, or the 
financial condition of or ability of the Borrower to comply with its obligations under the various transaction 
documents. 
In recent years, the Internal Revenue Service (the “ IRS” )  h a s  i n c r e a s e d  t h e  f r e q u e n c y  a n d  s c o p e  o f  i t s  
examination and other enforcement activity regarding tax exempt bonds.  Currently, the primary penalty available to 
the IRS under the Code is a determination that interest on bond s
  is subject to federal income taxation.  Such event 
could occur for a variety of reasons, including, without limitation, failure to comply with certain requirements imposed 
by the Code relating to investment restrictions, periodic payments of arbitrage profits to the United States of America, 
the timely and proper use of Bond proceeds and the facilities financed therewith and certain other matters.  See “TAX  
18 
MATTERS” herein.  No assurance can be given that the IRS will not examine the Issuer, the Borrower, the Project or 
the Bonds.  If the Bonds are examined, it may have an adverse impact on their price and marketability. 
 
Potential Impact of COVID-19 
The spread of the strain of coronavirus commonly known as COVID-19 is altering the behavior of businesses 
and people in a manner that is having negative effects on global, state and local economies.  There can be no assurances 
that the spread of a pandemic, including the strain of coronavi rus known as COVID-19, will not materially impact 
both local and national economies and, accordingly, have a materially adverse impact on the Project’s operating and 
financial viability.  This could include, among other things, the length of time necessary to complete the construction 
and/or rehabilitation of the Project, suspension or delay of site inspections and other on-site meetings, the engagement 
of material participants in the Project, the length of time nec essary to conduct lease-up a t the Project, and increased 
delinquencies and/or vacancies, all of which could impact the B orrower’s ability to cover scheduled debt service 
payments on the Mortgage Loan and result in an acceleration the reof and a corresponding redemption of the 
Bonds.  See “DESCRIPTION OF THE BONDS — Mandatory Redemption of Bonds” herein.   
Legislative Response to COVID-19 
Recent federal legislation, passed to address the economic effects of COVID-19, known as the Coronavirus 
A i d ,  R e l i e f ,  a n d  E c o n o m i c  S e c u r i t y  ( C A R E S )  A c t  ( t h e  “ C A R E S  A c t ”), provides for a temporary moratorium on 
eviction of tenants until July 25, 2020 due to nonpayment of re nts when the landlord’s mortgage on that property is 
supplemented or assisted in any way by HUD.  Such provision wou ld apply to the Project which receives HUD 
assistance under the HAP Contract.  If such provision of the CARES Act was extended, such eviction moratorium and 
the Borrower’s inability to evict non-paying tenants of the Pro ject and replace them with paying tenants would also 
be extended.  No assurances can be given that subsequent federal, state or local legislation enacted in response to the 
COVID-19 pandemic will not adversely affect the Borrower’s ability to collect rent and evict tenants for nonpayment 
of rent or otherwise operate the Project as planned. 
Summary 
The foregoing is intended only as a summary of certain risk factors attendant to an investment in the Bonds.  
In order for potential investors to identify risk factors and make an informed investment decision, potential investors 
should be thoroughly familiar with this entire Official Statement and the Appendices hereto. 
TAX MATTERS 
Opinion of Bond Counsel – Federal Income Tax Status of Interest on the Bonds 
Except as qualified below, in the opinion of McGuireWoods LLP, Bond Counsel, assuming continuous 
compliance with the Borrower’s cov enants in the Borrower’s Tax Certificate to be delivered by the Borrower in 
connection with the delivery of the Bonds (the “Borrower Tax Ce rtificate”), and based on existing statutes, court 
decisions, regulations and rulings, and subject to the qualific ations described in the remaining paragraphs under this 
heading, interest on the Bonds ( a) is excludable from the gross  income of the holders of the Bonds for purposes of 
federal income taxation pursuant to the Code under existing statutes, regulations and decisions, except as provided in 
Section 147(a) of the Code with respect to any period during which the Bonds are held by a person who is a “substantial 
user” of the Project or by a “related person,” as such terms are used in Section 147(a) of the Code and the regulations 
adopted thereunder, and (b) is not a specific item of tax prefe rence for purposes of the f ederal alternative minimum 
tax. In the event of noncompliance with certain covenants contained in the Borrower’s Tax Certificate, interest on the 
Bonds would be subject to income taxation by the United States of America from the date of issue.  The proposed 
form of the Opinion of Bond Counsel appears as Appendix I hereto. 
Reliance and Assumptions; Effect of Certain Changes 
As to questions of fact material to its opinion, Bond Counsel i s relying upon and assuming the accuracy of 
certifications and representations of the Issuer and the Borrower, which Bond Counsel has not independently verified.  
19 
In addition, Bond Counsel is assuming continuing compliance wit h the Covenants (as hereinafter defined) 
by the Issuer and the Borrower.  The Code and the regulations promulgated thereunder contain a number of 
requirements that must be satisfied after the issuance of the Bonds in order for interest on the Bonds to be and remain 
excludable from gross income for purposes of federal income tax ation.  These requirements include, by way of 
example and not limitation, restrictions on the use, expenditure and investment of the proceeds of the Bonds and the 
use of the property financed by the Bonds, limitations on the source of the payment of and the security for the Bonds, 
and the obligation to rebate certain excess earnings on the gross proceeds of the Bonds to the Treasury of the United 
States (the “Treasury”).  The Indenture, the Financing Agreemen t, the Issuer’s Non-Arbitrage Certificate to be 
delivered by the Issuer at closing (the “Issuer’s Non-Arbitrage Certificate”) and the Borrower’s Tax Certificate contain 
covenants (the “Covenants”) under which the Issuer and the Borr ower have agreed to comply.  A failure to comply 
with the Covenants could cause interest on the Bonds to become includable in gross income for federal income tax 
purposes retroactively to their date of issue.  In the event of  noncompliance with the Covenants, the available 
enforcement remedies may be limited by applicable provisions of law and, therefore, may not be adequate to prevent 
interest on the Bonds from becoming includable in gross income for federal income tax purposes.  Compliance by the 
Issuer with its respective Covenants does not require the Issue r to make any financial contribution for which it does 
not receive funds from the Borrower. 
Bond Counsel has no responsibility to monitor compliance with t he Covenants after the date of issue of the 
Bonds. 
Certain requirements and procedur es contained, incorporated or referred to in the Indenture, the Financing 
Agreement, the Issuer’s Non-Arbitrage Certificate and the Borrower’s Tax Certificate, including the Covenants, may 
be changed and certain actions may be taken or omitted under th e circumstances and subject to the terms and 
conditions set forth therein.  Bond Counsel expresses no opinion concerning any effect on the excludability of interest 
on the Bonds from gross income for federal income tax purposes of any such subsequent change or action that may 
be made, taken or omitted upon the advice or approval of counsel other than Bond Counsel. 
Certain Collateral Federal Tax Consequences  
The following is a brief discussion of certain collateral federal income tax matters with respect to the Bonds.  
It does not purport to address all aspects of federal taxation that may be relevant to a particular owner thereof.  
Prospective purchasers of the Bonds, particularly those who may  be subject to special rules, are advised to consult 
their own tax advisors regarding the federal tax consequences of owning or disposing of the Bonds. 
Prospective purchasers of the Bonds should be aware that the ownership of tax-exempt obligations may result 
in collateral federal income tax consequences to certain taxpayers, including, without limitation, financial institutions, 
certain insurance companies, certain corporations (including S corporations and foreign corporations), certain foreign 
corporations subject to the “branch profits tax,” individual re cipients of Social Security or Railroad Retirement 
benefits, taxpayers who may be deemed to have incurred or conti nued indebtedness to purchase or carry tax-exempt 
obligations and taxpayers attempting to qualify for the earned income tax credit. 
In addition, prospective purchasers should be aware that the interest paid on, and the proceeds of the sale of, 
tax-exempt obligations, including the Bonds, are in many cases required to be reported to the IRS in a manner similar 
to interest paid on taxable obligations.  Additionally, backup withholding may apply to any such payments to any 
owner of a Bond who fails to pr ovide an accurate Form W-9 Reque st for Taxpayer Identification Number and 
Certification, or a substantially identical form, or to any own er of a Bond who is notified by the IRS of a failure to 
report all interest and dividends required to be shown on feder al income tax returns.  The reporting and withholding 
requirements do not in and of themselves affect the excludability of interest on the Bonds from gross income for 
federal tax purposes or any other federal tax consequence of purchasing, holding or selling tax-exempt obligations. 
Effects of Future Enforcement, Regulatory and Legislative Actions 
Th
e IRS has established a program to audit tax-exempt obligations to determine whether the interest thereon 
is includable in gross income for federal income tax purposes.  If the IRS does audit the Bonds, the IRS will, under its 
current procedures, treat the Issuer as the taxpayer.  As such, the beneficial owners of the Bonds will have only limited 
rights, if any, to participate in the audit or any administrati ve or judicial review or appeal thereof.  Any action of the  
20 
IRS, including but not limited to the selection of the Bonds for audit, or the course or result of such audit, or an audit 
of other obligations presenting similar tax issues, may affect the marketability or market value of the Bonds. 
Legislation affecting tax-exempt obligations is regularly considered by the United States Congress and 
various state legislatures.   
The Treasury and the IRS are continuously drafting regulations to interpret and apply the provisions of the 
Code and court proceedings may be filed the outcome of which could modify the federal or state tax treatment of tax-
exempt obligations.  There can be no assurance that legislation proposed or enacted after the date of issue of the Bonds, 
regulatory interpretation of the Code or actions by a court involving either the Bonds or other tax-exempt obligations 
will not have an adverse effect on the Bonds’ federal or state tax status, marketability or market price of the Bonds or 
on the economic value of the tax-exempt status of the interest on the Bonds. 
Prospective purchasers of the Bonds should consult their own ta x advisors regarding the potential 
consequences of any such pending or proposed federal or state t ax legislation, regulations or litigation, as to which 
Bond Counsel expresses no opinion. 
Opinion of Bond Counsel – North Carolina Income Tax Consequences  
In the opinion of Bond Counsel, by the terms of the Act, interest on the Bonds shall be exempt from income 
taxation in the State. Prospective purchasers should consult their own tax advisors regarding the tax status of interest 
on the Bonds in a particular state or local jurisdiction other than the State.  The proposed form of the Opinion of Bond 
Counsel appears as Appendix I hereto. 
NO LITIGATION 
The Issuer 
There is no proceeding or litigation of any nature now pending or threatened against the Issuer restraining or 
enjoining the issuance, sale, execution or delivery of the Bonds, or in any way contesting or affecting the validity of 
the Bonds, any proceedings of the Issuer taken with respect to the issuance or sale thereof, the pledge or application 
of any money or security provided for the payment of the Bonds, the existence or powers of the Issuer relating to the 
Bonds or the title of any officers of the Issuer to their respective positions. 
The Borrower 
There is no legal action, suit, proceeding, investigation or inquiry at law or in equity, before or by any court, 
agency, arbitrator, public board or body or other entity or person, pending or, to the actual knowledge of the Borrower, 
threatened in writing against or affecting the Borrower or any partner of the Borrower, in their respective capacities 
as such, nor, to the knowledge of the Borrower, any basis therefor, (i) which would restrain or enjoin the issuance or 
delivery of the Bonds, the use of the Official Statement in the  marketing of the Bonds or the collection of revenues 
pledged under or pursuant to the Indenture or (ii) which would i n  a n y  w a y  c o n t e s t  o r  a f f e c t  t h e  o r g a n i z a t i o n  o r  
existence of the Borrower or (iii) which would contest or have a material and adverse e ffect upon (A) the due 
performance by the Borrower of the transactions contemplated by  the Official Statement, (B) the validity or 
enforceability of the Bonds or any other agreement or instrument to which the Borrower is a party and that is used or 
contemplated for use in the  consummation of the transactions c ontemplated hereby and thereby, (C) the exclusion 
from gross income for federal income tax purposes of the intere st on the Bonds or (D) the financial condition or 
operations of the Borrower, or (iv) which contests in any way the completeness or accuracy of the Official Statement 
or (v) which questions the power or authority of the Borrower t o carry out the transactions on its part contemplated 
by the Official Statement, or the power of the Borrower to own or operate the Project.  The Borrower is not subject to 
any judgment, decree or order entered in any lawsuit or proceeding brought against it that would have such an effect. 
CERTAIN LEGAL MATTERS 
The validity of the Bonds and cer tain other legal matters are s ubject to an approving opinion of 
McGuireWoods LLP, Raleigh, North Carolina, Bond Counsel to the Issuer.  A complete copy of the proposed form  
21 
of Bond Counsel opinion is contained in APPENDIX I hereto.  Cer tain legal matters will be passed upon for the 
Borrower by its counsels, Levitt & Boccio, LLP, New York, New Y ork, and Williams Mullen, Raleigh, North 
Carolina, and for the Underwriter by Tiber Hudson LLC, Washington, D.C.  Payment of the fees of certain counsel to 
the transaction is contingent upon the issuance and delivery of the Bonds as described herein.  
UNDERWRITING 
Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (the “ Underwriter”), a “participating underwriter” as defined in 
15c2-12 and an “underwriter” as defined in Section 2(a)(11) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, has entered 
into the Bond Purchase Agreement to purchase all of the Bonds, if any of the Bonds are to be purchased, at a price 
equal to the principal amount thereof.  The Bond Purchase Agreement provides that, as compensation for its services, 
the Underwriter will receive from the Borrower $101,250.00, plus $1,970.75 for certain fees and expenses related to 
the issuance of the Bonds.  The Underwriter’s fee shall not include the fee of the Underwriter’s counsel.  The obligation 
of the Underwriter to pay for the Bonds is subject to certain t erms and conditions set forth in the Bond Purchase 
Agreement.  The Borrower has agreed to indemnify the Underwriter and the Issuer as to certain matters in connection 
with the Bonds. 
The Underwriter may offer and sell the Bonds that it purchases to certain dealers including dealer banks and 
dealers depositing the Bonds into investment trusts and others at a price lower than the public offering price stated in 
the Term Sheet.  The offering price of the Bonds may be changed from time to time by the Underwriter. 
The Underwriter does not guarantee a secondary market for the Bonds and is not obligated to make any such 
market in the Bonds.  No assurance can be made that such a market will develop or continue.  Consequently, investors 
may not be able to resell Bonds should they need or wish to do so for emergency or other purposes. 
The Underwriter has provided the following sentences for inclusion in this Official Statement.  Wells Fargo 
Securities is the trade name for certain securities-related cap ital markets and investment banking services of Wells 
Fargo & Company and its subsidiaries, including Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, which conducts its 
municipal securities sales, trading and underwriting operations through the Wells Fargo Bank, NA Municipal Finance 
Group, a separately identifiable department of Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, registered with the Securities 
and Exchange Commission as a municipal securities dealer pursuant to Section 15B(a) of the Securities Exchange Act 
of 1934.  Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, acting through its Municipal Finance Group (“WFBNA”), the sole 
underwriter of the Bonds, has entered into an agreement (the “ WFA Distribution Agreement”) with its affiliate, 
Wells Fargo Clearing Services, LLC (which uses the trade name “ Wells Fargo Advisors”) (“ WFA”), for the 
distribution of certain municipal securities offerings, includi ng the Bonds.  Pursuant to the WFA Distribution 
Agreement, WFBNA will share a por tion of its underwriting compe nsation with respect to the Bonds with WFA.  
WFBNA has also entered into an agreement (the “WFSLLC Distribut ion Agreement”) with its affiliate Wells Fargo 
Securities, LLC (“WFSLLC”), for the distribution of municipal securities offerings, including the Bonds.  Pursuant 
to the WFSLLC Distribution Agreem ent, WFBNA pays a portion of W FSLLC’s expenses based on its municipal 
securities transactions.  WFBNA, W FSLLC, and WFA are each wholly owned subsidiaries of Wells Fargo & 
Company (“WFC”). 
The Issuer has not been furnished with any documents relating t o the WFA Distribution Agreement or the 
WFSLLC Distribution Agreement and makes no representations of any kind with respect thereto.  The Issuer is not a 
party to the WFA Distribution Agreement or the WFSLLC Distribut ion Agreement and has not entered into any 
agreement or arrangement with WFBNA, WFSLLC or WFA with respect to the offering and sale of the Bonds.  
In 
addition to serving as the Underwriter, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association or one of its affiliates will 
(i) serve as the Lender to the Borrower and (ii) provide federa l low income housing tax credit equity to the Project, 
and will be compensated for serving in each such capacity.  Conflicts of interest could arise by reason of the different 
capacities in which Wells Fargo Bank, National Association and its affiliates act in connection with the Bonds, the 
Mortgage Loan and the low income housing tax credit equity.  
22 
RATING 
Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. (the “Rating Agency”) has assigned to the Bonds the rating set forth on the 
cover page hereof.  An explanation of the significance of such rating may be obtained from the Rating Agency.  The 
rating of the Bonds reflects only the views of the Rating Agency at the time such rating was given, and neither the 
Issuer nor the Borrower nor the Underwriter makes any represent ation as to the appropriateness of the rating.  There 
is no assurance that such rating will continue for any given pe riod of time or that it will not be revised downward or 
withdrawn entirely by the Rating Agency, if in its judgment, circumstances so warrant.  Any such downward revision 
or withdrawal of the rating may have an adverse effect on the market price of the Bonds. 
CONTINUING DISCLOSURE 
The Borrower, as the only “obligated person” with respect to th e Bonds, will enter into a Continuing 
Disclosure Agreement, dated as of April 1, 2020 (the “Continuing Disclosure Agreement”), with U.S. Bank National 
Association, acting as Dissemination Agent, pursuant to which the Borrower will agree to provide ongoing disclosure 
pursuant to the requirements of Rule 15c2-12 of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the “Rule”).  
Financial statements will be provided at least annually to the MSRB and notices of certain events will be issued 
pursuant to the Rule.  Information will be filed with the MSRB through its Electronic Municipal Market Access 
(“EMMA”) system, unless otherwise directed by the MSRB.  A form of th e Continuing Disclosure Agreement is 
attached hereto as APPENDIX G. 
A failure by the Borrower to comply with the provisions of the Continuing Disclosure Agreement will not 
constitute a default under the Financing Agreement (although Bondholders will have any available remedy at law or 
in equity for obtaining necessary  disclosures).  Nevertheless, such a failure to comply is required to be reported in 
accordance with the Rule and must be considered by any broker, dealer or municipal securities dealer before 
recommending the purchase or sale of the Bonds in the secondary market.  Consequently, such a failure may adversely 
affect the transferability and liquidity of the Bonds. 
The Borrower has not previously been subject to the continuing disclosure requirements of the Rule.   
THE TRUSTEE 
The information under this heading has been provided so lely by the Trustee and is believed to be reliable, 
but has not been verified independently by  the Issuer or the Underwriter.  No  representation whatsoever as to the 
accuracy, adequacy or completeness of such information is made by the Issuer or the Underwriter.  
The Issuer has appointed U.S. Bank National Association as Trus tee under the Indenture.  The Trustee is a 
national banking association organized and existing under the laws of the United States of America, having all of the 
powers of a bank, including fiduciary powers, and is a member of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and the 
Federal Reserve System.  
The Trustee is to carry out such duties as are assigned to it u nder the Indenture, the Financing Agreement, 
and the other Financing Documents.  Except for the contents of this section, the Trustee has not reviewed or 
participated in the preparation of this Official Statement and assumes no responsibility for the nature, contents, 
accuracy or completeness of the information set forth in this O fficial Statement or for the recitals contained in the 
Indenture or the Bonds (except for the certificate of authentic ation on each Bond), or for the validity, sufficiency, or 
legal effect of any of such documents.  
Furthermore, the Trustee has no oversight responsibility, and is not accountable, for the use or application of 
any of the Bonds authenticated or delivered pursuant to the Indenture or for the use or application of the proceeds of 
such Bonds.  The Trustee has not evaluated the risks, benefits, or propriety of any investment in the Bonds and makes 
no representation, and has reached no conclusions, regarding the value or condition of any assets or revenues pledged 
or assigned as security for the Bonds, the technical or financi al feasibility of the expected uses of proceeds of the 
Bonds or the investment quality of the Bonds, about all of whic h the Trustee expresses no opinion and expressly 
disclaims the expertise to evaluate.   
23 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
This Official Statement is submitted in connection with the offering of the Bonds and may not be reproduced 
or used, as a whole or in part, for any other purpose.  Any statements in this Official Statement involving matters of 
opinion or estimate, whether or not expressly so stated, are intended as such and not as representations of fact.  This 
Official Statement is not to be construed as a contract or agreement between the Issuer and the purchasers or holders 
of any of the Bonds 
The summaries and explanation of, or references to, the Act, th e Indenture and the Bonds included in this 
Official Statement do not purport to be comprehensive or defini tive.  Such summaries, explanations and references 
are qualified in their entirety by reference to each such document, copies of which are on file with the Trustee. 
The information contained in this Official Statement is subject  to change without notice and no implication 
shall be derived therefrom or from the sale of the Bonds that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer, the 
Borrower or the Project from the date hereof. 
This Official Statement has been deemed final in accordance wit h the Rule.  The execution and delivery of 
this Official Statement has been duly authorized by the Borrower. 
 
[Remainder of page intentionally left blank] 
  
  
This Official Statement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Issuer and the Borrower. 
 
 
INLIVIAN 
 
 
 
 By: /s/ A. Fulton Meachem, Jr.     
  A. Fulton Meachem, Jr. 
Chief Executive Officer 
 
 
[Signatures continue on following page] 
   
 
[Borrower signature page to Official Statement] 
 
 
NORTHCROSS PRESERVATION, L.P., 
a New York limited partnership 
 
By: Northcross Preservation GP, LLC, 
a New York limited liability company, 
its general partner 
 
 
 
B y :  / s /  M a t t h e w  F i n k l e      
Matthew Finkle 
Vice President 
 [THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]  
A-1 
APPENDIX A 
FANNIE MAE MORTGAGE-BACKED SECURITIES PROGRAM 
This summary of the Fannie Mae Mortgage Backed Securities Program, the Fannie Mae Certificates and the 
documents referred to herein has not been provided or approved by Fannie Mae, does not purport to be comprehensive 
and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Fannie Mae MBS Prospectus (Multifamily Fixed-Rate Yield 
Maintenance) for Guaranteed Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates (the “Fannie Mae MBS Prospectus”) which will 
be available and can be found if and when the MBS is issued, by inputting the CUSIP shown in Appendix H hereto 
into Fannie Mae’s multifamily disclosure system, DUS Disclose (https://mfdusdisclose.fanniemae.com/#/home).  The 
template for the Fannie Mae MBS Prospectus, as of the date of this Official Statement, can be found at 
https://www.fanniemae.com/resources/file/mbs/pdf/fixed-rate-yield-maintenance-120119.pdf.  The template for the 
Fannie Mae MBS Prospectus may change from time to time.  The Fannie Mae MBS Prospectus, if and when available, 
will consist of the template for the Fannie Mae MBS Prospectus applicable at the time of the issuance of the MBS with 
the cover page completed with the MBS-specific information, an Additional Disclosure Addendum substantially in the 
form attached as Schedule I to this Appendix A, and an Annex A containing information substantially consistent with 
the Term Sheet attached hereto as Appendix H. 
Security .........................................  Guaranteed Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates (Multifamily Residential 
Mortgage Loans) 
General .........................................  Fannie Mae i s a government-sponsored enterprise that was chartered by the 
U.S. Congress in 1938 under the name “Federal National Mortgage  
Association” to support liquidity and stability in the secondar y mortgage 
market, where existing mortgage loans are purchased and sold. T he address 
of our principal office is 1100 15th Street, NW, Washington, DC  20005; the 
telephone number is 800-2FANNIE (800-232-6643). 
 Fannie Mae has been under conservatorship since September 6, 2 008. The 
conservator, the Federal Housing Finance Agency (“FHFA”), succe eded to 
all rights, titles, powers and privileges of Fannie Mae and of any shareholder, 
officer or director of the company with respect to the company and its assets. 
For additional information on the conservatorship, see “FANNIE MAE — 
Regulation and Conservatorship” in the Fannie Mae MBS Prospectus. 
 Fannie Mae’s regulators include FHFA, the U.S. Department of Housing and 
Urban Development (“HUD”), the Securities and Exchange Commission (the 
“SEC”), and the U.S. Department of the Treasury (the “Treasury” ). The 
Office of Federal Housing Enter prise Oversight, the predecessor  of FHFA, 
was Fannie Mae’s safety and soundn ess regulator prior to enactm ent of the 
Federal Housing Finance Regulatory Reform Act of 2008. 
 On September 7, 2008, Fannie Mae entered into a senior preferre d stock 
purchase agreement with the Treasury pursuant to which Fannie M ae issued 
to it one million shares of senior preferred stock and a warran t to purchase, 
for a nominal price, shares of common stock equal to 79.9% of the outstanding 
common stock of Fannie Mae. Nevertheless, Fannie Mae alone is 
responsible for making payments under its guaranty. The MBS, if issued 
by Fannie Mae and acquired by the Trustee, and payments of prin cipal 
and interest on the MBS, will not be guaranteed by the United States and 
do not constitute a debt or obligation of the United States or any of its 
agencies or instrumentalities other than Fannie Mae. 
Sponsor and Depositor .................  Fannie Mae is the spon sor of this offering of certificates and the depositor of 
the mortgage loans into the trust.  
A-2 
Description of MBS ......................  The MBS, if issued b y Fannie Mae and acquired by the Trustee, will represent 
a pro rata undivided beneficial ownership interest in the Mortgage Loan. See 
“MORTGAGE LOAN” in the Official Statement. Fannie Mae will issu e the 
MBS in book-entry form on the book-entry system of the U.S. Federal 
Reserve Banks. The book-entry MBS will not be convertible into physical 
certificates. 
Minimum Denomination ..............  Fannie Mae will issue the MBS in minimum denominations of $1,000, with 
additional increments of $1. 
Issue Date .....................................  The date spec ified on the front cover page, which is the first day of the month 
in which the MBS is issued. 
Settlement Date ............................  The date specified on the front cover page, which is a date no later than the 
last business day of the month in which the issue date occurs. 
Distribution Date ..........................  The “Distribution Date” is the 25th day of each month which is the date 
designated for payments to the Trustee as holder of the MBS, if issued. If that 
day is not a Business Day, payments will be made on the next Business Day. 
The first Distribution Date for the MBS will occur in the month following the 
month in which the MBS is issued. For example, if the issue dat e is January 
1st, the distribution date is February 25th or, if February 25th is not a Business 
Day, the first Business Day following February 25th. 
Maturity Date ...............................  The date specifi ed on the front cover page, which is the date that the final 
payment is due on the last mortgage loan remaining in the pool. 
Use of Proceeds ............................  The MBS is backed by a pool of one or more mortgage loans that Fannie Mae 
recently acquired or already owned. Fannie Mae is issuing the MBS either in 
exchange for the recently acquired mortgage loans or for cash p roceeds that 
are generally used for purchasing other mortgage loans or for g eneral 
corporate purposes. 
Interest ..........................................  On each Di stribution Date, Fannie Mae will pass through on the MBS, if 
issued, one month’s interest at the “Pass-Through Rate”.  
 Because Fannie Mae’s guaranty requires it to supplement amount s received 
by the trust as required to permit timely payment of interest, the amount of 
interest distributed to certificateholders on a Distribution Da te will not be 
affected by any loss mitigation measure, taken with respect to, or other loan 
modification made to, the Mortgage Loan while it remains in the trust. 
 As described under the caption “ MATERIAL FEDERAL INCOME TAX 
CONSEQUENCES” which can be found at  https://www.fanniemae.com/ 
resources/file/mbs/pdf/fixed-rate-yield-maintenance-120119.pdf, the MBS 
and payments on the MBS, including interest payments thereon, a re subject 
to federal income taxation. Such interest payments only become excluded 
from gross income for federal income tax purposes and excluded from 
taxation by the State, to the extent described elsewhere herein, when applied 
by the Trustee to pay interest due on the Bonds. See “TAX MATTE RS” in 
the Official Statement herein.  
A-3 
Principal .......................................  F annie Mae will receive collections on the Mortgage Loan on a monthly basis. 
The period Fannie Mae uses to differentiate between collections in one month 
and collections in another month is called the due period. The due period is 
the period from and including the second calendar day of the preceding month 
in which the Distribution Date occurs to and including the firs t calendar day 
of the month in which the Distribution Date occurs. 
 On each Distribution Date, Fannie Mae will pass through princi pal of the 
MBS, if issued, as follows: 
 • the aggregate amount of the scheduled principal due on the Mortgage 
Loan in the pool during the related due period; and 
 • the aggregate amount of the unscheduled principal payments 
specified below: 
 o the stated principal balance of the Mortgage Loan as to 
which prepayment in full was received during the calendar 
month immediately preceding the month in which that 
Distribution Date occurs; 
 o the stated principal balance of the Mortgage Loan if it was 
purchased from the pool during the calendar month 
immediately preceding the month in which that 
Distribution Date occurs; and 
 o the amount of any partial prepayments on the Mortgage 
Loan that were received during the calendar month 
immediately preceding the month in which that 
Distribution Date occurs. 
 Because Fannie Mae’s guaranty r equires it to supplement amounts  received 
by the trust as required to permit timely payment of the princi pal amounts 
specified above, the amount of principal distributed to certificateholders on a 
Distribution Date will not be affected by any loss mitigation measure, taken 
with respect to, or other loan modification made to, the Mortgage Loan while 
it remains in the trust. 
 Fannie Mae may treat a prepayment in full received on the first Business Day 
of a month as if the prepayment were received on the last Business Day of the 
preceding month. If Fannie Mae does so, it passes through these prepayments 
on the Distribution Date in the same month in which the prepayment actually 
was received. For example, if a prepayment on the Mortgage Loan  in full is 
actually received on the first Business Day of July, it would be treated as if it 
had been received on the last Business Day of June and, therefo re, would be 
passed through on July 25 (or the next Business Day, if July 25  i s  n o t  a  
Business Day). 
 The Mortgage Loan permits the reamortization of principal afte r a permitted 
voluntary prepayment or an involuntary partial prepayment cause d by the 
receipt of proceeds from insurance or condemnation. A reamortization of the 
Mortgage Loan will cause a change in the amount of principal th at is passed 
through to holders of the MBS.  
A-4 
 On or about the fourth Business Day of each month, Fannie Mae publishes 
the monthly pool factor for each issuance of its Certificates. If an investor 
multiplies the monthly pool factor by the original principal ba lance of the 
MBS, the investor will obtain the current principal balance of the MBS, after 
giving effect to the monthly principal payment to be passed thr ough on the 
Distribution Date in that month. The most current pool factor i s generally 
available through DUS Disclose on Fannie Mae’s Web site at 
https://mfdusdisclose.fanniemae.com/#/home. 
Guaranty .......................................  F annie Mae gu arantees to each trust that on  each Distribution Date it will 
supplement amounts received by the trust as required to permit payments on 
the MBS in an amount equal to: 
 • the aggregate amounts of scheduled and unscheduled principal 
payments described in “—Principal” above, and 
 • an amount equal to one month’s interest on the MBS, as described in 
“—Interest” above. 
 In addition, Fannie Mae guarantees to the related trust that it will supplement 
amounts received by the trust as required to make the full and final payment 
of the unpaid principal balance of the related certificates on the Distribution 
Date in the month of the maturity date specified in the prospectus supplement. 
 Certificateholders have certain  limited rights to bring proceedings against the 
Treasury if Fannie Mae fails to pay under its guaranty. The total amount that 
may be recovered from the Treasury is subject to limits imposed in the senior 
preferred stock purchase agreem ent. For a description of certif icateholders’ 
rights to proceed against Fa nnie Mae and the Treasury, see “FANNIE 
MAE—Certificateholders’ Rights Under the Senior Preferred Stock  
Purchase Agreement” in the Fannie Mae MBS Prospectus. 
Prepayments .................................  A borrower may voluntarily prepay the loan in full. Except duri ng the open 
period, each mortgage loan in the pool requires payment of a pr epayment 
premium if the loan is prepaid voluntarily, as disclosed on Annex A. A portion 
of the prepayment premium, if collected, may be shared with 
certificateholders under the circumstances described in “ YIELD, 
MATURITY AND PREPAYMENT CONSIDERATIONS—Maturity 
and Prepayment Considerations—Prepayment of a Mortgage Loan ” in 
the Fannie Mae MBS Prospectus. Fannie Mae does not guarantee to any 
trust the payment of any prepayment premiums. 
Master Servicing/Servicing ..........  Fannie Mae is responsible as master servicer for certain duties . Fannie Mae 
has contracted with the mortgage servicer identified on Annex A to perform 
servicing functions for us subject to our supervision. Fannie Mae refers to this 
servicer or any successor servicer as its primary servicer. In certain limited 
circumstances, Fannie Mae may act as primary servicer. For a de scription of 
Fannie Mae’s duties as master servicer and the responsibilities of its primary 
servicer, see “ THE TRUST DOCUMENTS-Co llections and Other 
Servicing Practices ” and “ FANNIE MAE PURCHASE PROGRAM-
Servicing Arrangements” in the Fannie Mae MBS Prospectus.  
A-5 
Business Day ................................  Any day other th an a Saturday or Sunday, a day when the fiscal agent or 
paying agent is closed, a day when the Federal Reserve Bank of New York is 
closed or is authorized or obligated by law or executive order to remain 
closed, or, for purposes of withdrawals from a certificate account,  a day when 
the Federal Reserve Bank is closed in the district where the certificate account 
is maintained if the related withdrawal is being made from that  certificate 
account. 
Trust Documents ..........................  If issued, the MBS will be issued pursuant to the 2017 Multifam ily Master 
Trust Agreement effective as of December 1, 2017, as supplemented by a trust 
issue supplement for that issuance. Certain pertinent provision s of the trust 
agreement in the Fannie Mae MBS Prospectus will apply. Investor s should 
refer to the trust agreement and the related trust issue supple m e n t  f o r  a  
complete description of their rights and obligations as well as those of Fannie 
Mae in its various capacities. The trust agreement may be found  on Fannie 
Mae’s Web site: http://www.fanniemae.com.  
Trustee ..........................................  Fannie Mae serves as the trustee for the trust pursuant to the terms of the trust 
agreement and the related trust issue supplement. 
Paying Agent ................................  An entity design ated by Fannie Mae to perform the functions of a paying 
agent. The Federal Reserve Bank of New York currently serves as  Fannie 
Mae’s paying agent for certificates such as the MBS. 
Fiscal Agent ..................................  An entity desi gnated by Fannie Mae to perfo rm certain administrative 
functions for the trust. The Federal Reserve Bank of New York c urrently 
serves as Fannie Mae’s fiscal agent for certificates such as the MBS. 
Multifamily Mortgage Loan Pool .  Each mortgage loan in the poo l is a fixed-rate loan included in one of the 
following categories: 
• Fixed-rate loans with monthly payments of interest only during their 
entire loan terms, with a balloon payment of all outstanding principal 
at maturity; 
• Fixed-rate loans with monthly payments of interest only during 
specified initial periods, followed by monthly payments of principal 
and interest for their remaining loan terms, with a balloon payment 
of all outstanding principal at maturity; 
• Fixed-rate loans with monthly payments of interest only during 
specified initial periods, followed by monthly payments of principal 
and interest that fully amortize over their remaining loan terms; 
• Fixed-rate loans with monthly payments of principal and interes t 
during their entire loan terms, with a balloon payment of all 
outstanding principal at maturity; and 
• Fixed-rate loans that fully amortize over their loan terms. 
Multifamily Mortgage Loans........  E ach mortgage loan in the p ool was acquired from a multifamily mortgage 
loan seller that Fannie Mae has approved. A mortgage loan may h ave been 
originated by the seller or may have been acquired by the selle r from the 
originator of the loan, which may or may not be an approved mor tgage loan 
seller. Each mortgage loan that Fannie Mae acquires either meets its published 
standards (except to the extent that Fannie Mae permits waivers  from those 
standards) or is reviewed by Fannie Mae before delivery to dete rmine its 
suitability. Fannie Mae may modify its standards from time to time.  
A-6 
Types of Property .........................  Each mortgage loan  in the pool is secured by a lien on one or more of the 
following types of property: 
• Multifamily residential properties; 
• Cooperative housing projects; 
• Dedicated student housing;  
• Manufactured housing communities;  
• Military housing; or 
• Seniors housing 
Annex A discloses the type of property securing each mortgage l oan in the 
pool and the priority of each lien. Any type of property may also be considered 
affordable housing; Annex A discloses certain affordable housin g 
characteristics. 
Termination ..................................  The trust will terminate when the certificate balance of the ce rtificates has 
been reduced to zero, and all required distributions have been passed through 
to certificateholders. Fannie Mae has no unilateral option to cause an early 
termination of the trust other than by purchasing a mortgage lo an from the 
pool for a reason permitted by the trust documents. 
Federal Income Tax 
Consequences ...............................  
The mortgage pool will be classified as a fixed investment trust. Each 
beneficial owner of a certificate will be treated as the owner o f  a  p r o  r a t a  
undivided interest in each of the mortgage loans included in th e pool. 
Accordingly, each owner will be required to include in income i ts pro rata 
share of the entire income from each mortgage loan in the pool,  and certain 
owners will be entitled to deduct their pro rata share of the e xpenses of the 
trust, subject to the limitations  described in the prospectus.  See 
“MATERIAL FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES - 
Application of Revenue Ruling 84-10-Expenses of the Trust” in the Fannie 
Mae MBS Prospectus. 
Legal Investment Considerations .  Under the Secondary Mortgage  Market Enhancement Act of 1984, the 
certificates offered by this prospectus will be considered “securities issued or 
guaranteed by … the Federal National Mortgage Association.”  Nevertheless, 
investors should consult their own legal advisor to determine whether and to 
what extent the certificates of an issuance constitute legal in vestments for 
them. 
ERISA Considerations ..................  For the reasons discus sed in “ERISA CONSIDERATIONS” in the Fannie 
Mae MBS Prospectus, an investment in the certificates by a plan  subject to 
the Employee Retirement Income Security Act (“ERISA”) will not cause the 
assets of the plan to include the mortgage loans underlying the certificates or 
the assets of Fannie Mae under the fiduciary provisions of ERIS A or the 
prohibited transaction provisions of ERISA or section 4975 of t he Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”). 
 
[Remainder of page intentionally left blank] 
   
A-7 
SCHEDULE I 
FORM OF PROPOSED ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURE ADDENDUM 
The following information supplements the information in the Fannie Mae MBS Prospectus.  In the event of 
any inconsistency between the information provided in this Addendum and the information in the Fannie Mae MBS 
Prospectus, the information in this Addendum shall prevail. 
The mortgage loan is an affordable housing loan and, accordingl y, the mortgaged property is subject to 
affordable housing regulatory requirements that impose income restrictions on tenants of the mortgaged property.  See 
“THE MORTGAGE LOANS — Affordable Housing Loans ”; “RISK FACTORS — RISKS RELATING TO 
YIELD AND PREPAYMENT — Prepayments Relating to Specific Types of Mortgage Loans and Mortgaged 
Properties — The successful operation of a mortgaged property securing an affordable housing mortgage loan 
may depend upon additional factors” in the Fannie Mae MBS Prospectus for additional information.  In addition, 
the mortgaged property has recei ved an allocation of low-income  housing tax credits and the property owner has 
selected the occupancy option under the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2018 referred to as “income averaging.”  
See “THE MORTGAGE LOANS — Affordable Housing Loans — LIHTC Loans ” and “RISK FACTORS — 
RISKS RELATING TO YIELD AND PREPAYMENT — Prepayments Relating to Specific Types of Mortgage 
Loans and Mortgaged Properties — An affordable housing mortgage  loan may be secured by a mortgaged 
property that has received an allocation of low-income housing tax credits but that fails to remain in compliance 
with the requirements for maintaining eligibility to receive the tax credits due to operations of the property or 
a casualty on the property” in the Fannie Mae MBS Prospectus for additional information. 
The MBS certificates will initially serve as collateral for a t ax-exempt issue of multifamily housing bonds 
(the “Bonds”) issued by INLIVIAN (the “Issuer”) pursuant to and secured by an indenture of trust by and between the 
Issuer and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, and will be held as collateral for the Bonds.  The mortgage loan 
documents provide that the mortgage loan is cross-defaulted wit h certain agreements relating to the Bonds entered 
into at the time of the issuance of the Bonds, including but not limited to the indenture authorizing the Bonds and any 
housing regulatory agreements that limit rents, impose income restrictions or otherwise restrict the use of the property. 
Because the mortgage loan documents provide that the mortgage l oan is cross-defaulted with certain of the 
agreements relating to the Bonds, a default under any of the cross-defaulted documents may trigger an event of default 
on the mortgage loan.  If Fannie Mae accelerates the mortgage l oan as a result of any event of default under the 
mortgage loan, the mortgage loan will be paid in full, and the stated principal balance of the certificates will be passed 
through to the holder of the certificates.  In this case, no yi eld maintenance or other prepayment premiums will be 
payable to the holder of the certificates. 
In addition to the matters described above, the eligible multifamily lender originating the mortgage loan may 
request the disclosure of additional matters relating to the mo rtgage loan or, upon delivery of the mortgage loan to 
Fannie Mae, in Fannie Mae’s discretion, it may determine that m atters identified in the Term Sheet attached as 
Appendix H to the Official Statement or otherwise may need to be disclosed in the Additional Disclosure Addendum 
provided in connection with the issuance of the MBS certificates. 
 [THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]  
B-1 
APPENDIX B 
DEFINITIONS OF CERTAIN TERMS 
Certain capitalized terms used in this Official Statemen t are defined below.  The following is subject to all 
the terms and provisions of the Indenture, to which reference is hereby made and copies of which are available from 
the Issuer or the Trustee. 
“Act” means the North Carolina Housing Authorities Law, Article 1 of Chapter 157 of the General Statutes 
of North Carolina, as amended. 
“Authorized Borrower Representative” means any person who, at a ny time and from time to time, is 
designated as the Borrower’s authorized representative by writt en certificate furnished to the Issuer and the Trustee 
containing the specimen signature of such person and signed on behalf of the Borrower by or on behalf of any 
authorized general partner of th e Borrower, which certificate m ay designate an alternate or alternates.  The Trustee 
may conclusively presume that a person designated in a written certificate filed with it as an Authorized Borrower 
Representative is an Authorized Borrower Representative until such time as the Borrower files with it (with a copy to 
the Issuer) a written certificate revoking such person’s authority to act in such capacity. 
“Authorized Denomination” means $1,000 or any integral multiple of $1 in excess thereof. 
“Authorized Officer” means, as applicable, (a) any member of the Board of Commissioners of the Issuer or 
any other person designated to act on behalf of the Issuer by the Resolution, and (b) any Vice President or Assistant 
Vice President of the Trustee having regular responsibility for corporate trust matters. 
“Bankruptcy Code” means the Federal Bankruptcy Code, Title 11 of the United States Code. 
“Beneficial Owner” means the purchaser of a beneficial interest in the Bonds. 
“Bond” or “Bonds” means the Multifamily Green Tax-Exempt Mortgage-backed Bonds (GREEN M-TEBS) 
(Northcross Townhomes), Series 2020 in the principal amount of $13,500,000 authorized under and secured by the 
Indenture and issued pursuant to the Indenture. 
“Bond Counsel” means an attorney at law or a firm of attorneys of recognized expertise in the field of federal 
income tax matters relating to municipal securities selected by the Issuer and acceptable to the Trustee. 
“Bond Dated Date” means April 1, 2020. 
“Bond Maturity Date” means May 1, 2037.  The final payment of principal with respect to the MBS will be 
made on May 25, 2037 (or, if such date is not a Business Day, t he next Business Day) and will be passed through to 
the Bondholders on the next succeeding Business Day after receipt of the final payment on the MBS. 
“Bond Proceeds Fund” means the Fund of that name created and so designated pursuant to the Indenture. 
“Bond Purchase Agreement” means th e Bond Purchase Agreement, da ted April 14, 2020, among the 
Underwriter, the Issuer and the Borrower. 
“Bond Register” means the registration books of the Issuer main tained by the Trustee as provided in th e 
Indenture on which registration and transfer of the Bonds is to be recorded. 
“Bondholder” or “holder” or “owner” of any Bond or any similar term shall mean the person in whose name 
any Bond is registered. 
“Book-Entry Bonds” means the Bonds for which a Depository or its Nominee is the Bondholder.  
B-2 
“Borrower” means Northcross Preservation, L.P., a New York limi ted partnership, or any of its permitted 
successors or assigns. 
“Business Day” means any day other than a Saturday or Sunday, a day when the fiscal agent or paying agent 
for the MBS is closed, a day when the Federal Reserve Bank of New York is closed, or a day when the Federal Reserve 
Bank is closed in a district where a securities account is loca ted if the related withdrawal is being made from that 
securities account, and, with resp ect to the Bonds, any such da y that is also a day on which the Trustee is open for 
business. 
“Closing Date” means April 15, 2020. 
“Code” means the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Regulations thereunder, 
or any successor statute, togeth er with corresponding and appli cable final, temporary or proposed regulations and 
revenue rulings issued or amended with respect thereto by the T reasury Department or Internal Revenue Service of 
the United States. 
“Costs of Issuance” means costs to the extent incurred in conne ction with, and allocable to, the issuance of 
the Bonds within the meaning of Section 147(g) of the Code.  Fo r example, “issuance costs” include the following 
costs, but only to the extent incurred in connection with, and allocable to, the borrowing:  Underwriter’s fee; counsel 
fees; financial advisory fees; fees paid to an organization to evaluate the credit quality of an issue; trustee fees; paying 
agent fees; registrar, certifica tion and authentication fees; a ccounting fees; printing costs for bonds and offering 
documents; public approval process costs; engineering and feasibility study costs; guarantee fees, other than qualified 
guarantees; and similar costs. 
“Counsel’s Opinion,” “Opinion of Counsel,” or “Opinion” means a  written opinion, including opinions 
supplemental thereto, signed by an attorney or firm of attorneys (who may be counsel for the Issuer, the Borrower or 
Fannie Mae) acceptable to the Trustee. 
“Depository” means, initially, DTC and any replacement securities depository appointed under the Indenture. 
“DTC” means The Depository Trust Company, New York, New York. 
“Electronic Means” means an ema il, a facsimile transmission or any other electronic means of 
communication approved in writing by Fannie Mae. 
“Eligible Funds” means: 
(a) the proceeds of the Bonds or any other amounts received by the Trustee from the 
Underwriter;  
(b) moneys drawn on a letter of credit;  
(c) any amounts received by the Trustee representing advances t o the Borrower of proceeds of 
the Mortgage Loan;  
(d) any other amounts for which the Trustee has received an Opinion of Counsel to the effect 
that the use of such amounts to make payments on the Bonds woul d not violate Section 362(a) of the 
Bankruptcy Code (or that relief from the automatic stay provisions of such Section 362(a) would be available 
from the bankruptcy court) or be avoidable as preferential paym ents under Section 547 or 550 of the 
Bankruptcy Code should the Borro wer become a debtor in proceedi ngs commenced under the Bankruptcy 
Code;  
(e) any payments held by the Tru stee for a continuous period of 123 days, provided that no act 
of bankruptcy with respect to the Borrower has occurred during such period; and  
B-3 
(f) investment income derived from the investment of the money described in (a) through (e) 
above.  
“Eligible Investments” means any of the following investments w hich at the time are legal investments for 
moneys of the Issuer which are then proposed to be invested the rein and each of which investments must mature or 
be guaranteed to be able to be tendered at a price of par at such time or times as to enable timely disbursements to be 
made from the fund in which such investment is held or allocated in accordance with the terms of the Indenture:  
(a) Government Obligations; and  
(b) to the extent permitted herein, shares or units in any mone y market mutual fund rated “Aaa-
mf” by Moody’s (or if Moody’s is not the Rating Agency or a new rating scale is implemented, the equivalent 
rating category given by the Rating Agency for that general category of security) (including mutual funds of 
the Trustee or its affiliates or for which the Trustee or an affiliate thereof serves as investment advisor or 
provides other services to such mutual fund and receives reasonable compensation therefor) registered under 
the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, whose investmen t portfolio consist solely of direct 
obligations of the government of the United States of America. 
“Event of Default” means any occurrence or event specified in the Indenture. 
“Extension Deposit” means the deposit of Eligible Funds described in the Indenture. 
“Extraordinary Issuer Fees and Expenses” means the expenses and disbursements payable to the Issuer under 
th
e Indenture for Extraordinary Services and Extraordinary Expenses, including extraordinary fees, costs and expenses 
incurred by the Issuer, Bond Counsel and counsel to the Issuer which are to be paid by the Borrower pursuant to the 
Financing Agreement. 
“Extraordinary Services” and “Extraordinary Expenses” mean all services rendered and all reasonable 
expenses properly incurred by the Trustee or the Issuer under t he Indenture or the Financing Agreement, other than 
Ordinary Services and Ordinary Expenses.  Extraordinary Service s and Extraordinary Expenses shall specifically 
include but are not limited to services rendered or expenses in curred by the Trustee or the Issuer in connection with, 
or in contemplation of, an Event of Default. 
“Extraordinary Trustee Fees and Expenses” means the expenses an d disbursements payable to the Trustee 
under the Indenture for Extraordinary Services and Extraordinary Expense s, including extraordinary fees, costs and 
expenses incurred by the Trustee and the Trustee’s counsel whic h are to be paid by the Borrower pursuant to the 
Financing Agreement. 
“Fannie Mae” means Fannie Mae, a corporation organized and existing under the Federal National Mortgage 
Association Charter Act, 12 U.S.C., § 1716 et seq., and its successors. 
“Fannie Mae Certificate” means a guaranteed mortgage pass-through Fannie Mae mortgage backed security 
issued by Fannie Mae in book-entry form, recorded in the name of the Trustee or its nominee, guaranteed as to timely 
payment of principal of and interest by Fannie Mae, and backed by the Mortgage Loan. 
“Financing Agreement” means the F inancing Agreement dated as of  April 1, 2020 among the Issuer, the 
Borrower and the Trustee. 
“Financing Documents” means the Financing Agreement, the Regula tory Agreement, the Tax Certificate, 
the Indenture and the Bond Purchase Agreement. 
“Fund” or “Account” means a fund or account created by or pursuant to the Indenture.  
B-4 
“Government Obligations” means direct obligations of the United  States of America (including obligations 
issued or held in book-entry form on the books of the Department of the Treasury), and obligations on which the full 
and timely payment of principal and interest is unconditionally guaranteed by the United States of America. 
“Indenture” means the Indenture of Trust dated as of April 1, 2020 by and between the Issuer and the Trustee, 
as it may from time to time be amended, modified or supplemented by Supplemental Indentures. 
“Investor Limited Partner” means Wells Fargo Affordable Housing Community Development Corporation, 
a North Carolina corporation, and its successors and/or assigns. 
“Issuer” means INLIVIAN, a public instrumentality and political subdivision of the State, together with its 
successors and assigns. 
“Issuer Fees and Expenses” means, collectively, the Ordinary Issuer Fees and Expenses and the Extraordinary 
Issuer Fees and Expenses.  The Issuer Fees and Expenses shall b e payable by the Borrower, and not from funds 
pledged to the benefit of the Trust Estate. 
“Lender” means Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, and its successors and assigns. 
“LGC” means the North Carolina Local Government Commission, a division of the Department of the State 
Treasurer, or any successor governmental agency performing a similar function, or its designated representative.  Any 
action required to be taken by the LGC under this Indenture or any other Financing Document may be taken by the 
Secretary of the LGC or other designated representative of the LGC. 
“MBS” shall mean the Fannie Mae Certificate identified in the Indenture that is pledged by the Issuer to the 
Trustee pursuant to the Indenture. 
“MBS Dated Date” means the 1st day of the month in which the MBS is delivered. 
“MBS Delivery Date” means the date on which the Trustee receives the MBS backed by the Mortgage Loan, 
which shall occur not later than the MBS Delivery Date Deadline. 
“MBS Delivery Date Deadline” mean s June 25, 2020, or, if such d ay is not a Business Day, the following 
Business Day, as such date may be extended pursuant to the Indenture. 
“MBS Factor” means the applicable factor posted by Fannie Mae (as of the Closing Date, on Fannie Mae’s 
website through DUS Disclose at https://mfdusdisclose.fanniemae.com/#/home) on the MBS from time to time as the 
Mortgage Loan amortizes, which represents the percentage of the original balance of the MBS that is outstanding as 
of a given date. 
“MBS Purchase Price” means the principal amount outstanding on the Mortgage Loan as of the MBS 
Delivery Date plus accrued interest on the MBS from the MBS Dated Date to the MBS Delivery Date at the Pass-
Through Rate. 
“MBS Revenues” means all payments made under and pursuant to the MBS. 
“Moody’s” means Moody’s Investors Service, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its successors and assigns, 
or if it is dissolved or no longer assigns credit ratings, then  any other nationally recognized statistical rating agency, 
designated by Fannie Mae, that assigns credit ratings. 
“Mortgage” means the Multifamily Deed of Trust, Assignment of Leases and Rents, Security Agreement and 
Fixture Filing, dated as of April 15, 2020, together with all riders and exhibits, securing the Mortgage Loan, executed 
by the Borrower in favor of the Lender, as may be amended from time to time.  
B-5 
“Mortgage Loan” means the interest-bearing loan for multifamily  housing relating to the Bonds which is 
evidenced by the Mortgage Note and secured by the Mortgage and the Multifamily Loan and Security Agreement. 
“Mortgage Loan Amortization Sche dule” means the mortgage loan a mortization schedule delivered by the 
Lender to the Trustee on the Closing Date, as the same may be r eplaced by an amended mortgage loan amortization 
schedule delivered to the Trustee pursuant to the Financing Agreement. 
“Mortgage Loan Documents” means, collectively, the Mortgage Note, the Mortgage, the Multifamily Loan 
and Security Agreement and all ot her documents, agreements and instruments evidencing, securing or otherwise 
relating to the Mortgage Loan, as each such document, agreement  or instrument may be amended, supplemented or 
restated from time to time.  Neither the Financing Agreement no r the Regulatory Agreement nor any document 
evidencing, securing or otherwise relating to any subordinate m ortgage is a Mortgage Loan Document and neither 
document is secured by the Mortgage. 
“Mortgage Note” means the Multifamily Note dated the Closing Date from the Borrower payable to the order 
of the Lender evidencing the Borrower’s obligation to repay the  Mortgage Loan, as the same may be amended from 
time to time. 
“Multifamily Loan and Security Agreement” means the Multifamily  Loan and Security Agreement dated 
April 15, 2020, between the Borrower and the Lender, as the same may be amended from time to time. 
“Negative Arbitrage Account” means the Negative Arbitrage Account of the Revenue Fund created pursuant 
to the Indenture. 
“Negative Arbitrage Deposit” means Eligible Funds to be deposited on the Closing Date into the Negative 
Arbitrage Account, as set forth in the Indenture. 
“Nominee” means the nominee of the Depository, which may be the Depository, as determined from time to 
time pursuant to the Indenture. 
“Ordinary Issuer Fees and Expenses” means collectively, (a) an issuance fee in an amount equal to one and 
one-quarter percent (1.25%) of the principal amount of the Bonds, payable on the Closing Date, and (b) an annual fee 
equal to 0.125% of the outstanding principal amount of the Bonds payable on each April 15, beginning April 15, 2021.  
The Ordinary Issuer Fees and Expenses and all amounts due to the Issuer for Extraordi nary Services and all 
Extraordinary Expenses of the Issuer will be paid directly by the Borrower pursuant to the Financing Agreement. 
“Ordinary Services” and “Ordinary Expenses” mean those services  normally rendered, and those expenses 
normally incurred, by an issuer or a trustee under instruments similar to the Indenture. 
“Ordinary Trustee Fees and Expenses” means amounts due to the Trustee for the Ordinary Services and the 
Ordinary Expenses of the Trustee incurred in connection with its duties under the Indenture, payable annually in 
advance on the Closing Date and on each anniversary thereof in the amount of $2,750 (together with an acceptance 
fee of $2,500 payable upon execution of the Indenture).  The Or dinary Trustee Fees and Expenses and all amounts 
due to the Trustee for Extraordin ary Services and all Extraordinary Expenses of the Trustee will be paid directly by 
the Borrower pursuant to the Financing Agreement. 
“Outstanding” means, when used with respect to the Bonds and as  of any date, all Bonds theretofore 
authenticated and delivered under the Indenture except: 
(a) any Bond cancelled by the Tru stee or delivered to the Trustee for cancellation; 
(b) any Bond for the payment or redemption of which either (i) moneys equal to the principal amount 
or Redemption Price thereof, as the case may be, with interest to the date of maturity or redemption date, or (ii) 
specified types of Eligible Investments or moneys in the amount s, of the maturities and otherwise as described and 
required under the Indenture, shall have theretofore been deposited with the Trustee in trust (whether upon or prior to  
B-6 
maturity or the redemption date of such Bond) and, except in th e case of a Bond to be paid at maturity, as to which 
any required redemption notice shall have been given or provided for in accordance with the Indenture, and  
(c) any Bond in lieu of or in exchange for which another Bond s hall have been authenticated and 
delivered pursuant to the Indenture. 
“Participant” means a member of, or a participant in, the Depository. 
“Pass-Through Rate” means the rate set forth in APPENDIX H — TERM SHEET hereto. 
“Payment Date” means (i) the 26th day of the month following the month in which the Closing Date occurs 
and the 26th day of each month thereafter, or the next succeedi ng Business Day if such 26th day is not a Business 
Day, until and including the 26th day of the month in which the  MBS Delivery Date occurs, (ii) commencing in the 
first month immediately following the month in which the MBS Delivery Date occurs, the Business Day immediately 
after the date of receipt by the Trustee of a payment received on the MBS, and (iii) with respect to any redemption in 
lieu of an exchange of the Bonds for the MBS pursuant to the Indenture, the day on which the Trustee receives funds 
pursuant to the transfer of the applicable amount of the MBS to  or upon the order of the Issuer.  The payment of 
interest on a Payment Date shall relate to the interest accrued during the preceding calendar month.  There shall be no 
further accrual of interest on the Bonds from the Bond Maturity Date. 
“Project” means the multifamily rental housing development, known as Northcross Townhomes, located in 
Charlotte, North Carolina, on the site described in the Mortgage. 
“Project Costs” means the following costs of the Project: 
(a) Costs incurred directly or indirectly for or in connection with the acquisition (including the 
acquisition of a fee simple interest), construction, rehabilitation, improvement and equipping of the Project, including 
costs incurred in respect of th e Project for preliminary planni ng and studies; architectural, legal, engineering, 
accounting, consulting, supervisory and other services; labor, services and materials; and recording of documents and 
title work and insurance. 
(b) Premiums attributable to any surety bonds and insurance req uired to be taken out and maintained 
during the construction period with respect to the Project. 
(c) Taxes, assessments and other governmental charges in respec t of the Project that may become due 
and payable during the construction period. 
(d) Costs incurred directly or in directly in seeking to enforce  any remedy against any contractor or 
subcontractor in respect of any actual or claimed default under any contract relating to the Project. 
(e) Subject to the limitations set forth in the Tax Certificate , Costs of Issuance, including, financial, 
legal, accounting, cash flow verification, printing and engravi ng fees, charges and expenses, and all other such fees, 
charges and expenses incurred in connection with the authorizat ion, sale, issuance and delivery of the Bonds, 
including, without limitation, the fees and expenses of the Tru stee properly incurred under the Indenture that may 
become due and payable during the construction period. 
(f) Any other costs, expenses, fees and charges properly charge able to the cost of acquisition, 
construction, rehabilitation, improvement and equipping of the Project. 
(g) Payment of interest on the Bonds during the construction pe riod. 
“Rating Agency” means Moody’s,  S&P or any other nationally reco gnized securities rating agency then 
rating the Bonds, or such rating agency’s successors or assigns.  
B-7 
“Rebate Fund” means the Fund created and so designated in the Indenture. 
“Record Date” means the close of  business on the last Business Day of the calendar month immediately 
preceding each Payment Date. 
“Redemption Price” means the amount required to be delivered to  pay principal of, interest on, and 
redemption premium, if any, in connection with a redemption of the Bonds in accordance with the provisions of the 
Indenture. 
“Regulations” means the federal income tax regulations promulga ted or proposed under the Code by the 
Department of the Treasury, as the same may hereafter be amende d, including without limitation regulations 
promulgated by the Department of the Treasury to implement the requirements of Section 148 of the Code. 
“Regulatory Agreement” means the Regulatory Agreement and Declaration of Restrictive Covenants relating 
to the Project, dated as of April 1, 2020, by and among the Issuer, the Trustee and the Borrower, as it may be amended, 
supplemented or restated from time to time. 
“Rehabilitation Fund” means the Fund created and so designated pursuant to the Indenture. 
“Representation Letter” has the meaning given to such term in the Indenture. 
“Reserved Rights” means those certain rights of the Issuer unde r the Financing Documents to which the 
Issuer is a party to indemnification and to payment or reimburs ement of fees and expenses of the Issuer, its right to 
receive notices and to enforce notice and reporting requirements, its right to inspect and audit the books, records and 
premises of the Borrower and of the Project, its right to colle c t  a t t o r n e y s ’  f e e s  a n d  r e l a t e d  e x p e n s e s ,  i t s  r i g h t  t o  
specifically enforce the Borrower’s covenant to comply with app licable federal tax law and State law (including the 
Act and the rules and regulations of the Issuer, if any), its rights under the Indenture to exercise the option to redeem 
Bonds or to exchange Bonds, and its right to give or withhold c onsent to amendments, changes, modifications and 
alterations to the Financing Documents relating to the Reserved Rights. 
“Resolution” means the resolution of the Issuer adopted on Marc h 17, 2020, authorizing the issuance and 
sale of the Bonds. 
“Revenue Fund” means the Fund created and so designated in the Indenture. 
“S&P” means S&P Global Ratings, and its successors and assigns,  or if it is dissolved or no longer assigns 
credit ratings, then any other nationally recognized statistical rating agency, designated by Fannie Mae, that assigns 
credit ratings. 
“State” means the State of North Carolina. 
“Substitute Depository” means a securities depository appointed as successor to DTC under the Indenture. 
“Supplemental Indenture” means any indenture hereafter duly authorized and entered into between the Issuer 
and the Trustee amending or supplementing the Indenture in accordance with the provisions thereof. 
“Tax Certificate” means, collectively, the Non-Arbitrage Certificate of the Issuer and the Tax Certificate of 
the Borrower, as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
“Trust Estate” means all the property, rights, moneys, securities and other amounts pledged and assigned to 
the Trustee pursuant to the Indenture. 
“Trustee” means U.S. Bank National Association, a national banking association.  
B-8 
“Trustee Fees and Expenses” means, collectively, the Ordinary T rustee Fees and Expenses and the 
Extraordinary Trustee Fees and Expenses. 
“Underwriter” means Wells Fargo Bank, National Association. 
  
C-1 
APPENDIX C 
SUMMARY OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS OF THE INDENTURE 
 
The following is a summary of certain provisions of the Indenture which are not described elsewhere in the 
Official Statement.  This summary does not purport to be  comprehensive, and reference should be made to the 
Indenture for a full and complete statement of its provisions. 
Authorization, Transfer and Registration, and Terms of Bonds 
Authorization of Bonds.  The Bonds of the Issuer are authorized by the Indenture to be issued in an aggregate 
principal amount set forth in the Indenture and shall be issued  subject to the terms, conditions and limitations 
established in the Indenture as provided therein.  The Bonds shall be issued initially as Book-Entry Bonds.  The Bonds 
may be executed by or on behalf of the Issuer, authenticated by the Trustee and delivered or caused to be delivered by 
the Trustee to the original purchasers thereof upon compliance with the requirements set forth in the Indenture. 
Execution of Bonds.  The Bonds shall be signed by, or bear the facsimile or manual signature of, an 
Authorized Officer of the Issuer , and attested to by the manual  or facsimile signature of another Authorized Officer 
of the Issuer.  In case any one or more of the officers of the Issuer who shall have signed any of the Bonds or whose 
signature appears on any of the Bonds shall cease to be such officer before the Bonds so signed shall have been actually 
authenticated or delivered or caused to be delivered by the Tru stee or issued by the Issuer, such Bonds may, 
nevertheless, be authenticated and issued and, upon such authentication, delivery and issue, shall be as binding upon 
the Issuer as if the persons who signed such Bonds or whose signatures appear on any of the Bonds had not ceased to 
hold such offices until such delivery.  Any Bond may be signed on behalf of the Issuer by such persons as at the actual 
time of execution of the Bonds shall be duly authorized or hold the proper office in the Issuer, although at the date of 
issuance and delivery of the Bonds such persons may not have been so authorized or have held such office. 
Bonds Mutilated, Lost, Destroyed or Stolen.  If any Bond shall become mutilated, the Issuer, at the expense 
of the owner of such Bond shall execute, and the Trustee shall thereupon authenticate and deliver, a new Bond of like 
tenor in exchange and substitution for the Bond so mutilated, b ut only upon surrender to the Trustee of the Bond so 
mutilated.  Every mutilated Bond so surrendered to the Trustee shall be cancelled by it and delivered to, or upon the 
order of, the Issuer.  If any Bond shall be lost, destroyed or stolen, evidence of such loss, destruction or theft may be 
submitted to the Trustee and, if such evidence shall be satisfactory to it and indemnity satisfactory to the Trustee shall 
be given, the Issuer, at the expense of the owner of such Bond, shall execute, and the Trustee shall thereupon 
authenticate and deliver, a new Bond of like tenor.  The Truste e may require payment of a sum not exceeding the 
actual cost of preparing each new Bond authenticated and delivered under this section and of the expenses which may 
be incurred by the Issuer and the Trustee in the premises.  Any Bond authenticated and delivered under the provisions 
of this section in lieu of any Bond alleged to be lost, destroy ed or stolen shall constitute an original additional 
contractual obligation on the part of the Issuer whether or not the Bond so alleged to be lost, destroyed or stolen shall 
be at any time enforceable by anyone, and shall be equally and proportionately entitled to the benefits of the Indenture 
with all other Bonds secured by the Indenture.  If any such Bond shall have matured, or is about to mature, instead of 
issuing a new Bond the Trustee may pay the same without surrender thereof upon receipt of the aforementioned 
indemnity. 
Registration, Transfer and Exchange of Bonds; Persons Treated as Owners. 
The Issuer shall cause books for the registration, transfer and  exchange of the Bonds as provided in the 
Indenture to be kept by the Trustee, which is constituted and a ppointed the bond registrar with respect to the Bonds 
(the “Bond Registrar”).  At reasonable times and under reasonable regulations established by the Trustee, said books 
may be inspected and copied by the Issuer or by owners (or a de signated representative th ereof) of a majority in 
aggregate principal amount of the Bonds then Outstanding.   
The registration of each Bond is transferable by the registered owner thereof in person or by its attorney duly 
authorized in writing at the designated corporate trust office of the Trustee.  Upon surrender for registration of transfer 
of any Bond at such office, the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver in the name of the transferee or transferees a new 
Bond of the same maturity or maturities and Authorized Denomina tion for the same aggregate principal amount.  
Bonds to be exchanged shall be surrendered at said designated c orporate trust office of the Trustee, and the Trustee  
C-2 
shall authenticate and deliver in exchange therefor a Bond of e qual aggregate principal amount of the same maturity 
and Authorized Denomination. 
All Bonds presented for registration of transfer, exchange or p ayment (if so required by the Issuer or the 
Trustee) shall be accompanied by a written instrument or instru ments of transfer or authorization for exchange, in 
form and with guaranty of signature satisfactory to the Trustee, duly executed by the registered owner or by its duly 
authorized attorney. 
The Issuer, the Bond Registrar and the Trustee shall not be req uired (i) to issue, register the transfer of or 
exchange any Bonds during a period beginning at the Trustee’s o pening of business on the  applicable Record Date 
and ending at the Trustee’s clos e of business on the applicable  Payment Date; or (ii) to register the transfer of or 
exchange any Bond selected, called or being called for redempti on as provided in the Indenture.  No charge shall be 
made to any Bondholder for the privilege of registration of transfer as provided in the Indenture, but any Bondholder 
requesting any such registration of transfer shall pay any tax or governmental charge required to be paid therefor. 
New Bonds delivered upon any registration of transfer or exchan ge shall be valid obligations of the Issuer, 
evidencing the same debt as the Bonds surrendered, shall be secured by the Indenture and shall be entitled to all of the 
security and benefits hereof to the same extent as the Bonds surrendered. 
The person in whose name any Bond is registered shall be deemed  the owner thereof by the Issuer and the 
Trustee, and any notice to the contrary shall not be binding upon the Issuer or the Trustee.  Notwithstanding anything 
in the Indenture to the contrary, to the extent the Bonds are B ook Entry Bonds, the provisions of the Indenture shall 
govern the exchange and registration of Bonds. 
Mandatory Redemption of Bonds 
The Bonds are subject to mandatory redemption prior to maturity as follows: 
Mandatory Redemption Prior to MBS Delivery Date.  On any Paymen t Date that occurs prior to or during 
the month in which the MBS is delivered to the Trustee, the Bonds are subject to mandatory redemption in part in an 
amount equal to the amount due on the first day of the month in  which such Payment Date occurs as shown in the 
Mortgage Loan Amortization Schedule, payable with respect to principal, from money on deposit in the Bond 
Proceeds Fund, and with respect to interest, from money on deposit in the Revenue Fund. 
Mandatory Redemption Upon Failure to Purchase the MBS.  The Bonds are subject to mandatory redemption 
in whole five (5) calendar days a fter the MBS Delivery Date Dea dline at a Redemption Price equal to 100% of the 
Outstanding principal amount thereof, plus interest accrued but  unpaid from the first day of the month in which the 
last Payment Date occurred (or, if no Payment Date has occurred, from the Closing Date) to, but not including, such 
redemption date, if the MBS Delivery Date has not occurred on or prior to the MBS Delivery Date Deadline, payable 
with respect to principal first, from money on deposit in the Bond Proceeds Fund, and with respect to premium, if any, 
and interest, from money on deposit in the Revenue Fund. 
Mandatory Redemption on the MBS Delivery Date.  The Bonds are subject to mandatory redemption in part 
on the MBS Delivery Date at a Redemption Price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Bonds to be redeemed, 
plus interest accrued but unpaid from the first day of the month in which the last Payment Date occurred to the MBS 
Delivery Date, in an amount equal to the difference between (i)  the principal amount of the MBS purchased on the 
MBS Delivery Date and (ii) the aggregate principal amount of the Bonds Outstanding as of the first day of the month 
in which the MBS Delivery Date occurred, payable with respect to principal first, from money on deposit in the Bond 
Proceeds Fund, and with  respect to interest and premium, if any , from money on deposit in the Revenue Fund and 
other Eligible Funds. 
Mandatory Redemption Following the MBS Delivery Date.  Followin g the MBS Delivery Date, the Bonds 
are subject to mandatory redemption in whole or in part in an amount equal to, and one Business Day after the date 
on which, each principal payment or prepayment is received purs uant to the MBS at a Redemption Price equal to 
100% of the principal amount received pursuant to the MBS, plus interest and premium, if any, received pursuant to 
the MBS.  
C-3 
Mandatory Redemption in Lieu of Exchange.  The Bonds are subjec t to mandatory redemption in whole or 
in part in the event the Issuer elects pursuant to the Indentur e to redeem a Beneficial Owner’s Bonds for an amount 
equal to the Cash Value in lieu of delivering to the Beneficial Owner of the Bonds its proportional interest in the MBS 
based upon its proportional interest in the Bonds.  Any such redemption shall be made in the amounts, from the sources 
and in accordance with the provisions of the Indenture. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Indenture, the Bonds are not subject to optional redemption 
other than in connection with a prepayment of the Mortgage Loan. 
Notice of Redemption 
Anytime the Bonds are subject to redemption in whole or in part  pursuant to the Indenture, the Trustee, in 
accordance with the provisions of the Indenture, shall give at least twenty (20) days’ notice, in the name of the Issuer, 
of the redemption of the Bonds, which notice shall specify the following:  (i) the maturity and principal amounts of 
the Bonds to be redeemed; (ii) the CUSIP number, if any, of the Bonds to be redeemed; (iii) the date of such notice; 
(iv) the issuance date for such Bonds; (v) the interest rate on the Bonds to be redeemed; (vi) the redemption date; (vii) 
any conditions to the occurrence of the redemption; (viii) the place or places where amounts due upon such redemption 
will be payable; (ix) the Redemption Price; (x) the Trustee’s n ame and address with a con tact person and a phone 
number; and (xi) that on the redemption date, the Redemption Price shall be paid.  Notice delivered as required in this 
heading “Notice of Redemption” with respect to a redemption described under the heading “Mandatory Redemption 
Upon Failure to Purchase the MBS,” above, may be rescinded and annulled on or before the MBS Delivery Date 
Deadline if (i) the MBS is delivered on or prior to the MBS Del ivery Date Deadline or (ii) the MBS Delivery Date 
Deadline is extended pursuant to the Indenture.  Neither the gi ving of such notice by the Trustee nor the receipt of 
such notice by the Bondholders shall be a condition precedent t o the effectiveness of any such redemption.  
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, no notice of redemption shall be required with respect to redemptions 
described under the headings “Mandatory Redemption Prior to MBS  Delivery Date” and “Mandatory Redemption 
Following the MBS Delivery Date,” above, and notice of redempti on required in connection with a redemption 
described under the heading “Mandatory Redemption in Lieu of Exchange,” above, shall be given as described in the 
Indenture. 
The Bonds to be redeemed in part pursuant to the Indenture will be selected in accordance with the operational 
arrangements of DTC or any successor Substitute Depository, and  any partial prepayments pursuant thereto shall be 
made in accordance with the “Pro Rata Pass-Through Distributions of Principal” procedures of DTC or comparable 
procedures of any successor Substitute Depository. 
In the event that the MBS has not been purchased by, and delive red to, the Trustee ten (10) Business Days 
p r i o r  t o  t h e  M B S  D e l i v e r y  D a t e  D e a d l i n e  ( a s  s u c h  d a t e  m a y  b e  e xtended under the Indentu re), the Trustee shall 
provide, ten (10) Business Days prior to the MBS Delivery Date Deadline, to the Borrower, the Lender, the Issuer and 
the Underwriter written notice of such non-purchase. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing set forth in this section, no pri or notice shall be a prerequisite to the 
effectiveness of any redemption under the heading “Mandatory Redemption of Bonds” which redemption shall occur 
and be effective irrespective of whether the Trustee fulfills its obligation, if any, to provide the notice with respect to 
the heading “Redemption,” above, required under this heading “Notice of Redemption.” 
Payment of Redemption Price 
With respect to any redemption pursuant to the heading “Mandatory Redemption of Bonds” above, notice 
having been given in the manner provided in the heading “Notice of Redemption” above (or not required to be given 
as a result of a redemption pursu ant to the heading “Mandatory Redemption of Bonds” above), and all conditions to 
the redemption contained in such notice, if applicable, having been met, the Bonds so called for redemption shall 
become due and payable on the redemption date so designated at the Redemption Price specified in the heading 
“Mandatory Redemption of Bonds” above, and, except in the case of a redemption as described under the heading 
“Mandatory Redemption of Bonds – Mandatory Redemption Following  the MBS Delivery Date” above, upon 
presentation and surrender thereof at the offices specified in such notice, together with, in the case of Bonds presented 
by other than the registered owner, a written instrument of tra nsfer duly executed by the registered owner or its duly  
C-4 
authorized attorney; provided, however, that so long as the Bond s  a r e  r e g i s t e r e d  i n  t h e  n a m e  o f  t h e  D e p o s i t o r y ,  
payment for such redeemed Bonds shall be made in accordance with the Representation Letter of the Issuer (or in the 
case of a redemption pursuant t o the Indenture, in accordance w i t h  t h e  p r o v i s i o n s  o f  t h e  I n d e n t u r e ) .   I f ,  o n  t h e  
redemption date, moneys for the redemption of all of the Bond or the Bonds to be redeemed, together with all accrued 
interest on such Bonds, which shall equal all interest accrued on the MBS, if delivered, to the redemption date, shall 
be held by the Trustee so as to be available therefor on said d ate and if any required notice of redemption shall have 
been given as aforesaid, then, from and after the redemption date, interest on the Bonds so called for redemption shall 
cease to accrue.  
Extension of MBS Delivery Date Deadline 
At any time prior to the MBS Delivery Date Deadline, the Borrow er may extend the MBS Delivery Date 
Deadline by (i) providing to the Trustee, the Lender, the Issuer, the Rating Agency and the Underwriter written notice 
of any extension of the MBS Delivery Date Deadline and (ii) depositing Eligible Funds for the credit of the Negative 
Arbitrage Account of the Revenue Fund in an amount, taking into  account amounts already on deposit therein, 
sufficient to pay interest due on the Bonds to the date that is  five (5) calendar days after the extended MBS Delivery 
Date Deadline (the “Extension Deposit”).  Extension Deposits ma y continue to be made by or on behalf of the 
Borrower until the MBS Delivery Date occurs or the Borrower declines to make an Extension Deposit resulting in the 
mandatory redemption pursuant to the Indenture; provided, howev er, the MBS Delivery Date Deadline may not be 
extended to a date that is later than the third anniversary of the Bond Dated Date unless prior to any extension beyond 
such date there shall be filed with the Trustee and the Issuer an Opinion of Bond Counsel to the effect that such 
extension will not, in and of itself, adversely affect the excl usion of interest on the Bonds from gross income for 
Federal income tax purposes.  The cost of such opinion shall be the sole responsibility of the Borrower. 
Delivery of MBS 
The obligation of the Trustee to purchase the MBS on the MBS Delivery Date shall be subject to receipt by 
the Trustee of written notification from the Lender upon which the Trustee may rely and act without further 
investigation certifying that the MBS duly executed by Fannie M ae is available for purchase by the Trustee at the 
MBS Purchase Price, and meets the following requirements: 
(a) the principal amount of the MBS will equal from time to tim e the then current principal 
amount of the Bonds, except for principal payments received which have not been remitted to owners of the 
Bonds; 
(b) the MBS bears interest at the Pass-Through Rate payable on the 25th day of each month, 
commencing on the 25th day of the month following the month in which the Trustee purchases the MBS, or 
if any such 25th day is not a Business Day, the next succeeding Business Day, and have a final maturity date 
that is the same as the Bond Maturity Date; and 
(c) the MBS provides that timely payment of principal (whether on any scheduled Payment 
Date or prior thereto upon any mandatory prepayment of the Mortgage Note or upon any optional prepayment 
of the Mortgage Note or upon declaration of acceleration following a default thereunder and interest on the 
MBS) is guaranteed to the record owner of the MBS, regardless o f whether corresponding payments of 
principal and interest on the Mortgage Loan are paid when due; and 
(d) the MBS shall be acquired by the Trustee on behalf of the I ssuer, shall be held at all times 
by the Trustee in trust for the benefit of the Bondholders and shall be held only in book-entry form through 
the United States Federal Reser ve Bank book-entry system, pursu ant to which the MBS shall have been 
registered on the records of the Federal Reserve Bank in the name of the Trustee.   
The MBS shall be registered in the name of the Trustee or its d esignee.  The Trustee shall receive 
confirmation in writing that the Depository is holding the MBS on behalf of, and has identified the MBS on its records 
as belonging to, the Trustee.  U pon purchase of the MBS on the MBS Delivery Date, the Trustee shall post a  
C-5 
notification to this effect on the Electronic Municipal Market Access website of the Municipal Securities Rulemaking 
Board. 
Pledge of Trust Estate  
The pledge and assignment of and the security interest granted in the Trust Estate pursuant to the granting 
clauses of the Indenture for the payment of the principal of, premium, if any, and interest on the Bonds, in accordance 
with their terms and provisions, and for the payment of all oth er amounts due under the Indenture, shall attach, be 
perfected and be valid and binding from and after the time of the delivery of the Bonds by the Trustee or by any person 
authorized by the Trustee to deliver the Bonds.  The Trust Esta te so pledged and then or thereafter received by the 
Trustee shall immediately be subject to the lien of such pledge  and security interest without any physical delivery 
thereof or further act, and the lien of such pledge and security interest shall be valid and binding and prior to the claims 
of any and all parties having claims of any kind in tort, contract or otherwise against the Issuer irrespective of whether 
such parties have notice thereof. 
Establishment of Funds 
The Trustee shall establish, maintain and hold in trust the following funds, each of which shall be maintained 
by the Trustee as a separate and distinct fund or account, and each of which shall be disbursed and applied only as 
authorized in the Indenture: 
(a) Revenue Fund, including therein a Negative Arbitrage Account; 
(b) Bond Proceeds Fund; 
(c) Rehabilitation Fund; and 
(d) Rebate Fund. 
Application of Funds on MBS Delivery Date 
On the MBS Delivery Date, upon the receipt of written notice fr om the Lender, which notice shall also set 
forth the amount of funds to be withdrawn from the following Fu nds and Accounts to complete the purchase, the 
Trustee shall remit to the Lender, from amounts on deposit in t he Bond Proceeds Fund, as payment for the MBS, an 
amount equal to the aggregate principal amount of the MBS,, plus, from the Revenue Fund (and, to the extent amounts 
in the Revenue Fund, other than amounts in the Negative Arbitrage Account therein, are insufficient for such purposes, 
from the Negative Arbitrage Account therein), accrued and unpaid interest on the MBS at the Pass-Through Rate from 
the first of the month in which the MBS was delivered to, but not including, the MBS Delivery Date. 
Revenue Fund 
(a) On any Payment Date that occurs prior to or during the mont h in which the MBS is delivered to the 
Trustee, the Trustee shall disburse from the Revenue Fund (and,  to the extent amounts in the Revenue Fund, other 
than amounts in the Negative Arbitrage Account therein, are ins ufficient for such purposes, from the Negative 
Arbitrage Account ther ein), an amount equal to the amount of in terest due on the Bonds pursuant to the Mortgage 
Loan Amortization Schedule. 
(b) There shall be deposited into the Negative Arbitrage Accoun t of the Revenue Fund, as and when 
received, (i) the Negative Arbitrage Deposit and (ii) any Extension Deposit. 
(c) There shall be deposited into the Revenue Fund, as and when  received, (i) all moneys received by 
the Trustee representing principal payments or repayments, and premium, if any, under the MBS, together with all 
other amounts required pursuant to this Indenture to be deposited therein, (ii) accrued interest on the Bonds from the 
Bond Dated Date to the Closing Date, (iii) any other amounts specified in the Indenture, and (iv) all moneys received  
C-6 
by the Trustee representing interest payments under the MBS, to  be held therein pending distribution in accordance 
with the terms of the Indenture. 
(d) On the MBS Delivery Date, the Trustee shall remit from the Revenue Fund (and, to the extent 
amounts in the Revenue Fund, other than amounts in the Negative Arbitrage Account therein, are insufficient for such 
purposes, from the Negative Arbitrage Account therein) to the Lender accrued and unpaid interest on the MBS at the 
Pass-Through Rate from and including the first calendar day of the month in which the MBS was delivered to, but not 
including, the MBS Delivery Date. 
(e) On the first Business Day following the Payment Date in the  first full month following the MBS 
Delivery Date, the Trustee shall transfer to the Rehabilitation  Fund any amounts then on deposit in the Negative 
Arbitrage Account of the Revenue Fund and shall immediately close such subaccount. 
(f) On the first Business Day fo llowing receipt of any MBS Revenues and the deposit thereof into the 
Revenue Fund pursuant to subsection (c) above, the Trustee shal l pay to the Bond owners all amounts so received 
from money on deposit in the Revenue Fund.  All payments of principal and interest shall be paid to Bond owners in 
proportion to the principal amount of Bonds owned by each Bond owner as set forth on the records of the Trustee at 
the close of business on the applicable Record Date. 
(g) If the Trustee does not recei ve a scheduled payment on the MBS by 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time on the 
25th day of any month (or the ne xt succeeding Business Day if s uch day of the month is not a Business Day), the 
Trustee shall immediately notify Fannie Mae and immediately dem and payment under the terms of the guaranty 
thereof. 
Bond Proceeds Fund 
Amounts deposited into the Bond Proceeds Fund shall be used by the Trustee (i) on any Payment Date that 
occurs prior to or during the month in which the MBS is deliver ed to the Trustee, to fund the Bond redemptions in 
accordance with the Indenture, and (ii) to pay the principal portion of the MBS Purchase Price on the MBS Delivery 
Date in accordance with the Indenture.  All investment earnings from amounts on deposit in the Bond Proceeds Fund 
shall be transferred to the Revenue Fund. 
Rehabilitation Fund 
The Trustee shall establish, create and maintain a Rehabilitation Fund under the Indenture and moneys shall 
be held in the Rehabilitation Fund for reasons of convenience a nd tax accounting only.  On the Closing Date, the 
Lender will deliver funds to the Trustee for deposit into the R ehabilitation Fund.  The Rehabilitation Fund shall not 
be a part of the Trust Estate.  Amounts on deposit in the Rehabilitation Fund shall be disbursed by the Trustee to fund 
the Project Costs pursuant to requisitions executed by the Borrower and approved by the Lender in the form attached 
to the Indenture as an exhibit.  The moneys in the Rehabilitation Fund shall, pending disbursement to the Borrower at 
the written direction of the Lender, pursuant to the terms of the Multifamily Loan and Security Agreement, be pledged 
by the Borrower to the Lender until the MBS Delivery Date, and thereafter to Fannie Mae.  The Trustee shall hold 
such funds as custodian for Lender as the pledgee and not for the Bondholders. 
Investment of Funds 
The moneys held by the Trustee shall constitute trust funds for  the purposes of the Indenture.  Any moneys 
attributable to each of the Funds  and Accounts under the Indent ure shall be invested, by the Trustee, at the written 
direction or telephonic direction (promptly confirmed in writin g) of the Borrower, in Eligible Investments which 
mature or are redeemable at par, without penalty, on or before the date on which such funds are expected to be needed 
for the purposes for which they are held.  Notwithstanding anything in the Indenture to the contrary except as otherwise 
set forth in this sentence, (i) prior to the MBS Delivery Date, all amounts in the Bond Proceeds Fund and the Revenue 
Fund shall be invested solely in Eligible Investments, and (ii)  following the MBS Delivery Date, payments received 
with respect to the MBS shall be uninvested.  All investment earnings from amounts on deposit in the Bond Proceeds 
Fund and the Revenue Fund shall be credited to the Revenue Fund .  If the Trustee does not receive written direction  
C-7 
or telephonic direction (promptly confirmed in writing) from th e Borrower regarding the investment of funds, the 
Trustee shall invest solely in E ligible Investments described i n clause (b) of the definition of Eligible Investments, 
which shall mature or be redeemable at par without penalty at t he times set forth in the preceding sentence.  The 
Trustee may make any and all such investments through its own b anking department or the banking department of 
any affiliate. 
Eligible Investments representing an investment of moneys attri butable to any Fund shall be deemed at all 
times to be a part of such Fund.  Such investments shall be sold at the best price obtainable (at least par) whenever it 
shall be necessary to do so in order to provide moneys to make any transfer, withdrawal, payment or disbursement 
from such Fund.  In the case of any required transfer of moneys  to another such Fund, such investments m ay be 
transferred to that Fund in lieu of the required moneys if perm itted by the Indenture as an investment of moneys in 
that Fund. 
All Eligible Investments acquired by the Trustee pursuant to the Indenture shall be purchased in the name of 
the Trustee and shall be held for the benefit of the Bondholders pursuant to the terms of the Indenture.  The Trustee 
shall take such actions as shall be necessary to assure that such Eligible Investments are held pursuant to the terms of 
the Indenture and are subject to the trust and security interest created in the Indenture. 
The Trustee shall not be liable or responsible for any loss resulting from any investment made in accordance 
with the Indenture.  The Trustee or its affiliates may act as sponsor, principal or agent in the acquisition or disposition 
of investments.  The Trustee may commingle investments made under the Funds and Accounts established under the 
Indenture, but shall account for each separately.   
In computing for any purpose under the Indenture the amount in any Fund on any date, obligations so 
purchased shall be valued at the lower of cost or par exclusive  of accrued interest, and may be so valued as of any 
time within four days prior to such date. 
The Issuer acknowledges that regulations of the Comptroller of the Currency grant the Borrower the right to 
receive brokerage confirmations of the security transactions as  they occur.  The Borrower specifically waives such 
notification to the extent perm itted by law and will receive pe riodic cash transaction statements that will detail all 
investment transactions. 
Particular Covenants 
Payment of Bonds.  Subject to the other provisions of the Indenture, the Issuer shall duly and punctually pay 
or cause to be paid, solely from amounts available in the Trust  Estate, the principal of, premium, if any, and interest 
on the Bonds, at the dates and places and in the manner describ ed in the Bonds, according to the true intent and 
meaning thereof.  The Bonds are not a general obligation of the Issuer, but are payable solely from the Trust Estate. 
The payment and other obligations of the Issuer with respect to  the Bonds are intended to be, and shall be, 
independent of the payment and other obligations of the issuer or maker of the Mortgage Note and the MBS, even 
though the principal amount of both instruments is expected to be identical, except in the case of a default with respect 
to one or more of the instruments. 
Tax Covenants.  The Issuer shall not take any action that will cause the interest paid on the Bonds to be 
includable in gross income for federal income tax purposes or to be subject to personal income taxation by the State.  
In furtherance of the foregoing covenant, the Issuer particularly covenants and agrees with the Bondholders as follows: 
(a) No part of the proceeds of the Bonds or any other funds of the Issuer shall be used by the 
Issuer at any time directly or indirectly to acquire securities or obligations, the acquisition of which, or which 
in any other manner, would cause any Bond to be an arbitrage bo nd as defined in Section 148 of the Code 
and any applicable regulations promulgated thereunder.  
C-8 
(b) The Issuer will not knowingly take any action or permit or suffer any action to be taken if 
the result of the same would be to cause the Bonds to be “federally guaranteed” within the meaning of Section 
149(b) of the Code and any applicable regulations promulgated thereunder. 
(c) To comply with any provisions of the Tax Certificate applic able to it. 
In the event of a conflict between the provisions under the abo ve heading “Tax Covenants” and the Tax 
Certificate, the provisions of the Tax Certificate shall control. 
Extension of Payment of Bonds.  The Issuer shall not directly or indirectly extend or assent to the extension 
of the maturity of the principal due on any of the Bonds or the  time of payment of interest due on the Bonds, and if 
the time for payment of any such claims for interest shall be extended through any other means, such Bonds or claims 
for interest shall not be entitled in case of any default hereu nder to any payment out of the Trust Estate or the funds 
(except funds held in trust for the payment of particular Bonds pursuant to the Indenture) held by the Trustee, except 
subject to the provisions of the Indenture and subject to the p rior payment of the principal of all Bonds issued and 
Outstanding the maturity of which has occurred and has not been extended and of such portion of the accrued interest 
on the Bonds which is not represented by such extended claims for interest. 
If an Extension Deposit has not been made pursuant to the Inden ture, such that the aggregate balance in the 
Bond Proceeds Fund and the Revenue Fund is equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Bonds plus interest accrued 
on the Bonds to the date which is five (5) calendar days following the MBS Delivery Date Deadline (as such date may 
be extended under the Indenture), then the Bonds shall be subject to mandatory redemption as set forth in the Indenture. 
Discharge of Indenture 
Defeasance.  (a) If all Bonds shall be paid and discharged as provided in this section, then all obligations of 
the Trustee and the Issuer under the Indenture with respect to all Bonds shall cease and terminate, except only (i) the 
obligation of the Trustee to pay or cause to be paid to the owners thereof all sums due with respect to the Bonds and 
to register, transfer, (ii) the obligation of the Issuer to pay the amounts owing to the Trustee under the Indenture from 
the Trust Estate, and (iii) the obligation of the Issuer to comply with the Indenture.  Any funds held by the Trustee at 
the time of such termination which are not required for payment to Bondholders or for payment to be made by the 
Issuer, shall be paid as provided in the Indenture. 
Any Bond or portion thereof in an Authorized Denomination shall  be deemed no longer Outstanding under 
the Indenture if paid or discharged in any one or more of the following ways: 
(i) by well and truly paying or causing to be paid the principa l of, premium, if any, and interest 
on such Bond which have become due and payable; or 
(ii) by depositing with the Trust ee, in trust, cash which, toge ther with the amounts then on 
deposit in the Revenue Fund and d edicated to this purpose, is f ully sufficient to pay when due all principal 
of, and premium, if any, and interest on such Bond to the maturity or earlier redemption date thereof; or 
(iii) by depositing with the Trustee, in trust, any investments  listed under the definition of 
Eligible Investments in such amount as in the written opinion o f a certified public accountant or nationally 
recognized verification agent will, together with the interest to accrue on such Eligible Investments without 
the need for reinvestment, be fully sufficient to pay when due all principal of, and premium, if any, and 
interest on such Bond to the maturity or earlier redemption date thereof, notwithstanding that such Bond shall 
not have been surrendered for payment. 
(b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, no deposit under clauses (ii ) and (iii) of subsection (a) above shall 
be deemed a payment of such Bond until the earlier to occur of: 
(i) if such Bond is by its terms subject to redemption within 45 days, proper notice of 
redemption of such Bond shall have been previously given in acc ordance with the Indenture to the holder  
C-9 
thereof or, in the event such Bond is not by its terms subject to redemption within 45 days of making the 
deposit under clauses (ii) and (iii) of subsection (a) above, the Issuer shall have given the Trustee irrevocable 
written instructions to mail by first-class mail, postage prepaid, notice to the holder of such Bond as soon as 
practicable stating that the deposit required by clauses (ii) or (iii) of subsection (a) above, as applicable, has 
been made with the Trustee and that such Bond is deemed to have  been paid and further stating such 
redemption date or dates upon which money will be available for  the payment of the principal and accrued 
interest thereon; or 
(ii) the maturity of such Bond. 
(c) The Trustee shall be entitled to receive a report from a na tionally recognized accounting firm or 
other nationally recognized verification agent to provide for the payment of all Bonds to be defeased pursuant to this 
section. 
(d) In addition to the circumstances described in paragraph (a)  above, any Bond or portion thereof in an 
Authorized Denomination shall be  deemed no longer Outstanding u nder the Indenture if and to the extent of an 
exchange of such Bond or portion thereof for the MBS or an interest therein as provided in the Indenture. 
Defaults and Remedies 
Events of Default.  Each of the following shall constitute an Event of Default under the Indenture: 
(a) On and after the MBS Delivery Date, failure by Fannie Mae to pa y principal, interest or 
premium, if any, due under the MBS (upon such failure, the Trustee shall notify Fannie Mae not later than 
the next Business Day (all such notices to be promptly confirme d in writing) and require the failure to be 
remedied); 
(b) Failure to pay the principal, interest or premium, if any, on the Bonds when the same shall 
become due; or  
(c) Default in the observance or performance of any other covenant,  agreement or condition 
on the part of the Issuer in the Indenture and the continuation  of such default for a period of 90 days after 
written notice to the Issuer from the Trustee or the registered  owners of at least 75% in aggregate principal 
amount of the Bonds Outstanding at such time specifying such default and requiring the same to be remedied. 
The Trustee will immediately notify in writing the Issuer, the Bondholders, the Lender, the Investor Limited 
Partner and Fannie Mae after an Authorized Officer of the Trust ee obtains knowledge or receives notice of the 
occurrence of an Event of Default or an event which would becom e an Event of Default with the passage of time or 
the giving of notice, or both. 
Acceleration; Rescission of Acceleration 
(a) Upon (i) the occurrence of an Event of Default under item (a) under the heading “Defaults 
and Remedies – Events of Default,” above, or (ii) prior to the MBS Delivery Date, the occurrence of an Event of 
Default under item (b) under the heading “Defaults and Remedies – Events of Default,” above, the Trustee may, and 
upon the written request of the holders of not less than sevent y-five percent (75%) in aggregate principal amount of 
the Bonds Outstanding, shall declare (and shall deliver written notice of such declaration to the Issuer, the Lender, the 
Borrower and Fannie Mae) the principal of all Bonds Outstanding, premium, if any, and the interest accrued thereon 
immediately due and payable.   
(b) An Event of Default (i) following the MBS Delivery Date, under item (b) under the heading 
“Defaults and Remedies – Events of Default,” above, or (ii) under item (c) under the heading “Defaults and Remedies 
– Events of Default,” above, shall not give rise to an accelera tion pursuant to this heading “Acceleration; Rescission 
of Acceleration,” provided, however, that following such an Eve nt of Default, the holder of one hundred percent 
(100%) of the Bonds Outstanding may direct the Trustee in writing to transfer the MBS to it or its designee, in which  
C-10 
case, the Trustee shall transfer a nd deliver to such requesting  Beneficial Owner the Trustee’s beneficial ownership 
interest in the MBS.  The transf er described in this paragraph shall take effect as set forth in, and shall be governed 
by, the following terms: 
(i) The Trustee shall transfer and deliver to such requesting owner  t h e  T r u s t e e ’ s  
beneficial ownership interest in the MBS promptly following (i) delivery to the Trustee (via DTC withdrawal 
or of the Bonds being exchanged, and (ii) payment by the reques ting owner of the Trustee’s exchange fee 
($1,000 as of the date of the Indenture) with respect to such Bonds; 
(ii) The MBS will be in book-entry form; 
(iii) Transfers of the MBS will be made in accordance with current market practices, 
including the applicable provisions of the SIFMA’s Uniform Prac tices for the Clearance Settlement of 
Mortgage Backed Securities and Other Related Securities; 
(iv) Upon receipt of such Bonds from t he requesting Beneficial Owner , the Trustee 
will promptly cancel the Bonds being exchanged, which will not be reissued; 
(v) An MBS delivered in such an exchange will not be exchangeable for Bonds; 
(vi) The MBS delivered in such an exchange will also be subject to a ny applicable 
disclosure requirements concerning MBSs that have been issued in connection with the multifamily mortgage 
lending program of a governmental housing finance agency and financed by tax-exempt obligations; and 
(vii) Interest on such MBS is not excludable from gross income for federal income tax 
purposes.  Owners of Bonds should consult their own tax advisors concerning that and other tax consequences 
of any exchange of a Bond for the MBS. 
(c) The acceleration of the Bonds will not constitute a default und er, or by itself cause the 
acceleration of, the MBS.  If at any time after the Bonds shall have been so declared due and payable, and before any 
judgment or decree for the payment of the money due shall have been obtained or entered, the Issuer, the Borrower, 
the Investor Limited Partner or Fannie Mae, as applicable, shall pay to or deposit with the Trustee a sum sufficient to 
pay all principal of the Bonds then due (other than solely by reason of such declaration) and all unpaid installments of 
interest (if any) on all the Bonds then due with interest at th e rate borne by the Bonds on such overdue principal and 
(to the extent legally enforceable) on such overdue installments of interest, and the reasonable expenses of the Trustee 
shall have been made good or cured or adequate provisions shall  have been made therefor, and all other defaults 
hereunder have been made good or cured or waived in writing by the holders of a majority in principal amount of the 
Bonds Outstanding, then and in every case, the Trustee on behal f of the holders of all the Bonds shall rescind and 
annul such declaration and its consequences; but no such rescission and annulment shall extend to or shall affect any 
subsequent Event of Default, nor shall it impair or exhaust any right or power consequent thereon. 
Other Remedies; Rights of Bondholders.   
Subject to the Indenture, upon the happening and continuance of an Event of Default, the Trustee in its own 
name and as trustee of an express trust, on behalf and for the benefit and protection of the holders of all Bonds, may 
also proceed to protect and enforce any rights of the Trustee a nd, to the full extent that the holders of such Bonds 
themselves might do, the rights of such Bondholders under the laws of the State or under the Indenture by such of the 
following remedies as the Trustee shall deem most effectual to protect and enforce such rights: 
(a) By pursuing any available remedies under the Financing Agre ement, the Regulatory 
Agreement or the MBS; and 
(b) Upon an Event of Default under paragraph (a) under the head ing “Events of Default” above 
only, by realizing or causing to be realized through sale or ot herwise upon the security pledged hereunder 
(including the sale or disposition of the Trustee’s interest in the MBS); and  
C-11 
(c) By action or suit in equity, to enjoin any acts or things w h i c h  m a y  b e  u n l a w f u l  o r  i n  
violation of the rights of the Bondholders and to execute any other papers and documents and do and perform 
any and all such acts and things as may be necessary or advisab le in the opinion of the Trustee in order to 
have the respective claims of the Bondholders against the Issue r allowed in any bankruptcy or other 
proceeding. 
If an Event of Default shall have occurred, and if requested by the holders of not less than 75% (or 100% as 
set forth in the Indenture) in aggregate principal amount of the Bonds then Outstanding, and upon being indemnified 
to its satisfaction, the Trustee shall be obligated to exercise  one or more of the rights and powers conferred by the 
Indenture as the Trustee, being advised by counsel, shall deem to be in the best interests of the Bondholders subject 
to the limitations set forth above and in the Indenture. 
N o  r i g h t  o r  r e m e d y  b y  t h e  t e r m s  o f  t h e  I n d e n t u r e  c o n f e r r e d  u p o n or reserved to the Trustee (or to the 
Bondholders) is intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy, but each and every such right and remedy shall 
be cumulative and shall be in addition to any other right or re medy given to the Trustee or to the Bondholders under 
the Indenture, the Financing Agreement, the Regulatory Agreement or the MBS or now or hereafter existing at law or 
in equity. 
No delay or omission to exercise any right or power accruing up on any default or Event of Default shall 
impair any such right or power or shall be construed to be a wa iver of any such default or Event of Default or 
acquiescence therein and every such right and power may be exercised from time to time as often as may be deemed 
expedient. 
No waiver of any default or Event of Default under the Indentur e, whether by the Trustee or by the 
Bondholders, shall extend to or shall affect any subsequent def ault or Event of Default or shall impair any rights or 
remedies consequent thereon. 
Waivers of Events of Default.   
The Trustee shall waive any Event of Default hereunder and its consequences and rescind any declaration of 
maturity of principal of, premium, if any, and interest on the Bonds upon the written request of the holders of a majority 
in aggregate principal amount of all Bonds then Outstanding wit h respect to which there is an Event of Default; 
provided, however, that there shall not be waived (a) any default in the payment of the principal amount of any Bonds 
at the date of maturity specifi ed therein or upon proceedings f or mandatory redemption, or (b) any default in the 
payment when due of the interest or premium, if any, on any such Bonds, unless prior to such waiver or rescission all 
arrears of interest, with interes t (to the extent permitted by law) at the rate borne by the Bonds in respect of which 
such Event of Default shall have occurred on overdue installmen ts of interest or all arrears of payments of principal 
or premium, if any, when due (whether at the stated maturity thereof or upon proceedings for mandatory redemption) 
as the case may be, and all expenses of the Trustee in connection with such monetary default, shall have been paid or 
provided for, and in case of any such waiver or rescission, the Issuer, the Borrower, the Trustee and the Bondholders 
shall be restored to their former positions and rights under the Indenture respectively. 
No such waiver or rescission shall extend to any subsequent or other default, or impair any right consequent 
thereto; and no delay or omission of the Trustee or of any Bondholders to exercise any right or power accruing upon 
any Event of Default shall impair any right or power or shall be construed to be a waiver of any such Event of Default, 
or acquiescence therein. 
Termination of Proceedings 
In case any proceeding taken by the Trustee on account of any Event of Default shall have been discontinued 
or abandoned for any reason or determined adversely to the Trustee, then in every such case the Issuer, the Borrower, 
the Trustee and the Bondholders shall be restored to their former positions and rights under the Indenture, respectively, 
and all rights, remedies, powers and duties of the Trustee shall continue as though no such proceeding had been taken.  
C-12 
Supplemental Indentures 
Supplemental Indentures Effective upon Acceptance.  For any one or more of the following purposes and at 
any time or from time to time, th e Issuer and the Trustee may e nter into a Supplemental Indenture which, upon the 
execution and delivery thereof by the Issuer and by the Trustee, and with the prior written consent of Fannie Mae, but 
without the necessity of consent of the Bondholders, shall be fully effective in accordance with its terms: 
(a) To add to the covenants or agreem ents of the Issuer contained i n the Indenture other 
covenants or agreements to be observed by the Issuer or to othe rwise revise or amend the Indenture in a 
manner which are/is not materially adverse to the interests of the Bondholders; 
(b) To add to the limitations or restrictions contained in the Inde nture other limitations or 
restrictions to be observed by the Issuer which are not contrar y to or inconsistent with the provisions of the 
Indenture as theretofore in effect; 
(c) To surrender any right, power or privilege reserved to or confe rred upon the Issuer in the 
Indenture, provided that the surrender of such right, power or privilege is not contrary to or inconsistent with 
the covenants and agreements of the Issuer contained in the Ind enture and is not materially adverse to the 
interests of the Bondholders; 
(d) To confirm, as further assurance, any pledge of the Trust Estat e under the Indenture and 
the subjection to any lien on or pledge of the Trust Estate created or to be created by the Indenture; 
(e) To appoint a co-trustee or successor Trustee or successor co-trustee; 
(f) To cure any ambiguity, supply any omission or cure or correct a ny defect or inconsistent 
provision in the Indenture; 
(g) To insert such provisions clarifying matters or questions arising under the Indenture as are 
necessary or desirable and are not materially adverse to the interests of the Bondholders; and 
(h) To make such changes and modifications that are necessary or desirable to provide for all 
interest, principal and premium paid with respect to the Bonds are in the exact respective amounts of the 
payments of interest, principal and premium paid under and pursuant to the MBS. 
Supplemental Indentures Requiring Consent of Bondholders.  In a ddition to those amendments to the 
Indenture which are authorized under the heading “Supplemental Indentures Effective Upon Acceptance” above, any 
modification or amendment of the Indenture may be made by a Sup plemental Indenture with the written consent, 
given as hereinafter provided under the heading “Consent of Bon dholders” below, of Fannie Mae and the holders of 
at least two thirds in aggregate principal amount of the Bonds Outstanding at the time such consent is given; provided, 
however, that no such modification or amendment shall (a) permit a change in the terms of redemption or maturity of 
the principal amount of any Outstanding Bond or an extension of the date for payment of any installment of interest 
thereon or a reduction in the principal amount of, premium, if any, or the rate of interest on any Outstanding Bond 
without the consent of the holder of such Bond, (b) reduce the proportion of Bonds the consent of the holders of which 
is required to effect any such modification or amendment or to effectuate an acceleration of the Bonds prior to maturity, 
(c) permit the creation of a lien on the Trust Estate pledged under the Indenture prior to or on a parity with the lien of 
the Indenture, (d) deprive the holders of the Bonds of the lien  created by the Indenture upon the Trust Estate (except 
as expressly provided in the Indenture), without (with respect to (b) through (d)) the consent of the holders of all 
Bonds then Outstanding, or (e) change or modify any of the rights or obligations of the Trustee without the written 
consent thereto of the Trustee. 
Consent of Bondholders.  The Issuer and the Trustee may, at any  time, execute and deliver a Supplemental 
Indenture making a modification or amendment permitted by the p rovisions under the heading “Supplemental 
Indentures Requiring Consent of Bondholders” above, to take effect when and as provided in this section.  A copy of 
such Supplemental Indenture (or brief summary thereof or reference thereto in a form approved by the Trustee),  
C-13 
together with a request to Bondholders for their consent thereto in form satisfactory to the Trustee, shall be mailed by 
the Trustee to the Bondholders.  Such Supplemental Indenture shall not be effective unless there shall have been filed 
with the Trustee (a) the written consents of Fannie Mae and the holders of the proportion of Outstanding Bonds 
specified under the heading “Supplemental Indentures Requiring Consent of Bondholders” above, and (b) an Opinion 
of Bond Counsel stating that such Supplemental Indenture has been duly and lawfully entered into by the Issuer in 
accordance with the provisions of the Indenture, is authorized or permitted by the provisions of the Indenture, and, 
when effective, will be valid and  binding upon the Issuer.  Eac h such consent of the Bondholders shall be effective 
only if accompanied by proof of the holding, at the date of suc h consent, of the Bonds with respect to which such 
consent is given, which proof shall be such as is permitted by the Indenture.  A certificate or certificates by the Trustee 
that it has examined such proof and that such proof is sufficient under the provisions of the Indenture shall be 
conclusive that the consents have been given by the holders of the Bonds described in such certificate or certificates.  
Any such consent shall be binding upon the holder of the Bonds giving such consent and upon any subsequent holder 
of such Bonds and of any Bonds issued in exchange therefor (whether or not such subsequent holder thereof has notice 
thereof).  At any time after the holders of the required propor tion of Bonds shall have filed their consents to such 
Supplemental Indenture, the Trustee shall make and file with th e Issuer a written statement that the holders of such 
required proportion of Bonds have filed and given such consents.  Such written statement shall be conclusive that such 
consents have been so filed and have been given.  Within 90 days after filing such statement, the Trustee shall mail to 
the Bondholders a notice stati ng in substance that such Supplem ental Indenture (which may be referred to as a 
Supplemental Indenture executed by the Issuer on a stated date, a copy of which is on file with the Trustee) has been 
consented to by the holders of the required proportion of Bonds  and will be effective as provided in this section, but 
failure to mail such notice shall not prevent such Supplemental  Indenture from becoming effective and binding as 
provided in this section.  The Trustee shall file with the Issuer proof of the mailing of such notice to the Bondholders.  
A record, consisting of the papers required or permitted by thi s section to be filed with the Trustee, shall be proof of 
the matters therein stated.  Such Supplemental Indenture making  such modification or amendment shall be deemed 
conclusively binding upon the Issuer, the Trustee and the holde rs of all Bonds upon the execution thereof and the 
filing by the Trustee with the Issuer of the statement that the  required proportion of Bondholders have consented 
thereto. 
The Issuer may conclusively rely upon the Trustee’s determination that the requirements of this section have 
been satisfied. 
Modification by Unanimous Consent.  Notwithstanding anything co ntained in the foregoing provisions of 
the Indenture, the terms and provisions of the Indenture and the rights and obligations of the Issuer and the 
Bondholders under the Indenture, in any particular, may be modi fied or amended in any respect upon execution and 
delivery of a Supplemental Indenture by the Issuer and the Trustee making such modification or amendment and the 
consent to such Supplemental Ind enture of Fannie Mae and the ho lders of all of the Bonds then Outstanding, such 
consent to be given and proved as provided under the heading “Consent of Bondholders” above except that no notice 
to Bondholders shall be required; provided, however, that no such modification or amendment shall change or modify 
any of the rights or obligations of the Trustee without the wri tten assent thereto of the Trustee, in addition to the 
consent of the Bondholders. 
Concerning the Trustee 
Trustee.  U.S. Bank National Association is appointed by the Indenture as Trustee.  The Trustee shall signify 
its acceptance of the duties and obligations imposed upon it by the Indenture by executing the Indenture. 
Responsibility of the Trustee.  The recitals of fact in the Indenture and in the Bonds contained shall be taken 
as the statements of the Issuer and the Trustee assumes no responsibility for the correctness of the same.  The Trustee 
shall not be deemed to make any representations as to the validity or sufficiency of the Indenture or of any Bonds 
issued under the Indenture or in respect of the security afford ed by the Indenture and the Trustee shall incur no 
responsibility in respect thereof.  The Trustee shall, however, be responsible for its representations contained in its 
certificate on the Bonds.  The Trustee shall not be under any responsibility or duty with respect to the issuance of the 
Bonds for value or the application of any moneys paid to the Issuer.  The Trustee shall be under no obligation or duty 
to perform any act which would require it to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any financial liability in 
the performance of its duties und er the Indenture, or in the ex ercise of any of its rights or powers, if it shall have 
reasonable grounds for believing that repayment of such funds o r adequate indemnity against such risk or liability is  
C-14 
not reasonably assured to it.  The Trustee shall not be liable in connection with the performance of its duties under the 
Indenture except for its own negligence or willful misconduct. 
Fees, Charges and Expenses of Trustee.  Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in the Indenture, but 
subject to the limitations set forth in the definition of Extra ordinary Trustee Fees and Expenses as defined in the 
Indenture, the Trustee shall be entitled to payment for reasona ble fees for its services rendered under the Indenture 
and the Financing Agreement and reimbursement for all advances, counsel fees and other expenses reasonably made 
or incurred by the Trustee (including any co-Trustee) in connection with such services which shall be paid from time 
to time as provided in the Financing Agreement; provided that no such amounts shall be paid to the Trustee from the 
proceeds of the MBS.  Upon an Event of Default under paragraph (a) under the heading “Events of Default” above as 
a result of a failure by Fannie Mae to make payment under the M BS, but only upon such an Event of Default, the 
Trustee shall have a lien upon the Trust Estate for Extraordinary Trustee Fees and Expenses.  The Issuer shall require 
the Borrower to indemnify and save harmless the Trustee against  any liabilities which the Trustee may incur in the 
exercise and performance of its powers and duties under the Indenture, the Financing Agreement and the Regulatory 
Agreement which are not due to its own negligence or willful mi sconduct, and to reimburse the Trustee for any fees 
and expenses of the Trustee to t he extent they exceed funds ava ilable under the Indenture for the payment thereof, 
subject only to the right of the Borrower to contest the reason ableness of any such fees or the necessity for any such 
expenses.  The Trustee shall continue to perform its duties and  obligations under the Indenture until such time as its 
resignation or removal is effective pursuant to the Indenture.  
Merger or Consolidation of Trustee.  Any corporation or association into which the Trustee may be converted 
or merged, or with which it may be consolidated, or to which it  may sell or transfer its trust business and assets as a 
whole or substantially as a whole, or any corporation or association resulting from any such conversion, sale, merger, 
consolidation or transfer to which it is a party, ipso facto sh all be and become successor Trustee under the Indenture 
and vested with all of the title to the Trust Estate and all the trusts, powers, discretions, immunities, privileges and all 
other matters as was its predecessor, without the execution or filing of any instrument or any further act, deed or 
conveyance on the part of any of the parties to the Indenture, anything in the Indenture to the contrary notwithstanding.  
Resignation by Trustee.  The Trustee and any successor Trustee may at any time resign from the trusts created 
by the Indenture by giving 30 days’ written notice to the Issuer and Fannie Mae, and such resignation shall only take 
effect upon the appointment, pursuant to the Indenture, of, and  acceptance by, a successor Trustee.  The successor 
Trustee shall give notice of such succession by first class mail, postage prepaid, to each Bondholder at the address of 
such Bondholder shown on the Bond Register.  
Removal of Trustee.  The Trustee may be removed at any time by an instrument or concurrent instruments 
in writing delivered to the Trustee and to Fannie Mae, and sign ed by the Issuer (or if an Event of Default shall have 
occurred and be continuing, by the owners of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Bonds then Outstanding, 
in which event such instrument or instruments in writing shall also be delivered to the Is suer) provided that such 
removal shall not take effect until the appointment of a successor Trustee by the Issuer (or by the Bondholders).  
Appointment of Successor Trustee. 
In case at any time the Trustee or any successor thereto shall resign or shall be removed or shall become 
incapable of acting, or shall be adjudged a bankrupt or insolve nt, or if a receiver, liquidator or conservator of such 
Trustee or of its property shall be appointed, or if any public officer shall take charge or control of such Trustee or of 
its property or affairs, a successor may be appointed by the Is suer with the approval of Fannie Mae (if it is not in 
default in its obligations under the MBS), or if Fannie Mae does not approve a successor the Issuer proposes to appoint, 
or if the Issuer is in default under the Indenture, by the hold ers of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the 
Bonds then Outstanding, excluding any Bonds held by or for the account of the Issuer, by an instrument or concurrent 
instruments in writing signed by such Bondholders, or their attorneys duly authorized in writing, and delivered to such 
successor Trustee, notification th ereof being given to the Issu er, Fannie Mae, the Borrower, the Investor Limited 
Partner and the predecessor Trustee.  If in a proper case no appointment of a successor Trustee shall have been made 
pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this section within 30 days after the Trustee shall have given to the Issuer 
written notice as provided in the Indenture or after the occurr ence of any other event requiring or authorizing such 
appointment, the Trustee or any Bondholder may apply to any court of competent jurisdiction to appoint a successor.   
C-15 
The court may thereupon, after such notice, if any, as such court may deem proper and prescribe, appoint a successor 
Trustee. 
Any Trustee appointed under the provisions of this section shall be a bank, trust company or national banking 
association, having a designated office within the State, havin g trust powers, with prior experience as trustee under 
indentures under which multifamily housing revenue bonds of public agencies or authorities are issued, and having a 
capital and surplus acceptable to the Issuer, the Lender and Fa nnie Mae, willing and able to accept the office on 
reasonable and customary terms in light of the circumstances under which the appointment is tendered and authorized 
by law to perform all the duties imposed upon it by the Indentu re, if there be such an institution meeting such 
qualifications willing to accept such appointment.  
Transfer of Rights and Property to Successor Trustee.   
Any successor Trustee appointed under the Indenture shall execu te, acknowledge and deliver to its 
predecessor Trustee, and also to the Issuer and Fannie Mae, and  any Bondholder which shall request the same, an 
instrument accepting such appoint ment, and thereupon such succe ssor Trustee, without any further act, deed or 
conveyance, shall become fully vested with all moneys, estates, properties, rights, powers,  duties and obligations of 
such predecessor Trustee, with like effect as if named in the Indenture as such Trustee, but the Trustee ceasing to act 
shall nevertheless, on the written request of the Issuer, Fanni e Mae or the successor Trustee, execute, acknowledge 
and deliver such instruments of conveyance and further assuranc e and do such other things as reasonably may be 
required for more fully and certainly vesting and confirming in  such successor Trustee all the right, title and interest 
of the predecessor Trustee in and to any properties held by it under the Indenture, and shall pay over, assign and 
deliver to the successor Trustee any money or other property su bject to the trusts and conditions set forth in the 
Indenture.  Should any deed, conveyance or instrument in writin g from the Issuer be required by such successor 
Trustee for more fully and certainly vesting in and confirming to such successor Trustee any such moneys, estates, 
properties, rights, powers and duties, any and all such deeds, conveyances and instruments in writing, on request, and 
so far as may be authorized by law, shall be executed, acknowledged and delivered by the Issuer.  
Collection of MBS Payments 
The Trustee shall cause the MBS to be registered in the name of the Trustee or in the name of the nominee 
of the Trustee with such additional recitals as appropriate to indicate that the MBS is to be held by the Trustee in its 
capacity as Trustee under the Indenture subject to the provisions of the Indenture.  In the event that any amount payable 
to the Trustee under the MBS is not received by the Trustee within one Business Day of the date such payment is due, 
the Trustee shall notify Fannie Mae or (if directed by Fannie Mae) the paying agent for the MBS by telephone (such 
notification to be immediately confirmed by Electronic Means or  other means of instantaneous written 
communication) that such payment has not been received in a timely manner and request that such payment be made 
by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the account of the Trustee or such custodian, as the case may be.  
Miscellaneous Provisions 
No Recourse on Bonds.  All covenants, stipulations, promises, a greements and obligations of the Issuer 
contained in this Indenture shall be deemed to be the covenants, stipulations, promises, agreements and obligations of 
the Issuer and not of any of its officers or employees or members of its governing body, past, present or future, in his 
or her individual capacity, and no recourse shall be had for th e payment of the principal of, premium, if any, or 
Redemption Price or purchase price of or interest on the Bonds or for any claim based thereon or on this Indenture or 
the Financing Documents against any such member, officer, employee or agent of the Issuer, past present or future, 
or any natural person executing the Bonds. [THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]  
D-1 
APPENDIX D 
SUMMARY OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS OF THE FINANCING AGREEMENT 
The following is a summary of certain provisions of the Financing Agreement which are not described 
elsewhere in the Official Statement.  This summary does not purport to be comprehensive, and reference should be 
made to the Financing Agreement for a full and complete statement of its provisions. 
Definitions 
Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the me ans given them in the Indenture and the 
Financing Agreement. 
The Bonds and the Proceeds Thereof 
T h e  I s s u e r  h a s  a u t h o r i z e d  t h e  i s s u a n c e  o f  t h e  B o n d s  i n  t h e  a g g regate principal amount set forth in the 
Financing Agreement and Bonds in such amount shall be issued an d Outstanding as of the Closing Date.  The 
obligations of the Issuer, the Trustee and the Borrower under the Financing Agreement are expressly conditioned upon 
(i) the sale, issuance and delivery of the Bonds, (ii) receipt by the Trustee of the amounts set forth in the Indenture, 
and (iii) the making of the Mortgage Loan by the Lender.  Neither the Issuer, the Lender, the Trustee nor Fannie Mae 
shall have any liability for any fees, costs or expenses, inclu ding, without limitation, issuance costs relating to the 
Bonds; all of such fees, costs and expenses shall be paid by the Borrower. 
Sources, Deposits and Uses 
Upon the issuance and delivery of the Bonds, the Lender will make the Mortgage Loan to the Borrower.  To 
the extent proceeds of the Mortgage Loan remain after disbursem ents made on the Closing Date, the Lender will 
deliver funds to the Trustee for deposit into the Rehabilitation Fund to be applied by the Borrower to pay Project Costs 
pursuant the Indenture.  The Trustee shall apply the proceeds of the Bonds as provided in the Indenture to secure the 
Bonds until the MBS Delivery Date and then to purchase the MBS.   The Borrower accepts the Mortgage Loan from 
the Lender, upon the terms and conditions set forth in the Fina ncing Agreement, in the Mortgage Loan Documents 
and in the Indenture, and subject to the terms and conditions of the Regulatory Agreement.  The Issuer has caused the 
proceeds of the Bonds to be provided to the Trustee for deposit  t o  t h e  B o n d  P r o c e e d s  F u n d .   T h e  B o r r o w e r  
acknowledges its obligation to pay all amounts necessary to pay  principal of, premium, if any, and interest on the 
Bonds as provided in the Indenture.  The Borrower has made arrangements for the delivery to the Trustee of the MBS 
and of certain other Eligible Funds as contemplated in the Fina ncing Agreement and in the Indenture.  Payments on 
the MBS received by the Trustee shall be credited to amounts du e from the Borrower for payment of principal of, 
premium, if any, and interest on the Bonds. 
Notification of Prepayment of Mortgage Note 
The Borrower shall cause the Lender to notify the Trustee promptly of the receipt of any prepayment of the 
Mortgage Note, whether upon acceleration, by reason of application of insurance or condemnation proceeds, optional 
prepayment or otherwise.  If such prepayment results in revisio ns to the Mortgage Loan Amortization Schedule, the 
Borrower shall cause the Lender to provide the revised Mortgage Loan Amortization Schedule to the Trustee. 
Events of Default 
Each of the following shall constitute an event of default under the Financing Agreement, and the term “Event 
of Default” shall mean, whenever  used in the Financing Agreement, any one or more of the following events (after 
taking into account any applicable notice and cure period): 
(i) Failure by the Borrower to pay any amounts due under the Fi nancing Agreement at the 
times and in the amounts required by the Financing Agreement; or  
D-2 
(ii) Failure by the Borrower to observe or perform any covenants, agreements or obligations 
in the Financing Agreement on its part to be observed or perfor med (other than as provided in clause (i) 
above) for a period of thirty (30) days after receipt of writte n notice specifying such failure and requesting 
that it be remedied, given to the Borrower by any party to the Financing Agreement; provided, however, that 
if said failure shall be such that it cannot be corrected withi n such period, it shall not constitute an Event of 
Default if the failure is correctable without material adverse effect on the Bonds and if corrective action is 
instituted by the Borrower within such period and diligently pu rsued until the failure is corrected, and 
provided further that any such failure shall have been cured wi thin ninety (90) days of receipt of notice of 
such failure; or 
(iii) Breach of any of the coven ants, agreements or obligations  of the Borrower under or the 
occurrence of a default which is continuing under the Regulatory Agreement, including any exhibits thereto; 
or 
(iv) The occurrence of an Event of Default caused by the Borrow er under and as defined in the 
Indenture or under any of the other Financing Documents. 
Nothing contained in this section is intended to amend or modify any of the provisions of the Mortgage Loan 
Documents or to bind the Borrower, the Lender or Fannie Mae to any notice and cure periods other than as expressly 
set forth in the Mortgage Loan Documents. 
Remedies Upon an Event of Default 
(a) Subject to subsection (d) below, whenever any Event of Defa ult shall have occurred and be 
continuing, the Issuer or the Trustee may take any one or more of the following remedial steps: 
(i) By any suit, action or proceeding, pursue all remedies now or hereafter existing at law or 
in equity to collect all amounts then due and thereafter to bec ome due under the Financing Agreement, to 
enforce the performance of any c ovenant, obligation or agreemen t of the Borrower under the Financing 
Agreement (subject to the nonrecourse provisions of the Financi ng Agreement and the Regulatory 
Agreement) or to enjoin acts or things which may be unlawful or in violation of the rights of the Issuer or the 
Trustee. 
(ii) Take whatever other action at law or in equity may appear necessary or desirable to enforce 
any monetary obligation of the Borrower under the Financing Agr eement or to enforce any other covenant, 
obligation or agreement of the Borrower under (1) the Financing  Agreement or (2) the Regulatory 
Agreement. 
(iii) Have access to and inspect, examine, audit and make copie s of the books and records and 
any and all accounts, data and income tax and other tax returns of the Borrower. 
(b) The provisions of subsection (a) of this section are subjec t to the condition that if, after any Event 
of Default, except a default under the Regulatory Agreement, (i) all amounts which would then be payable under the 
Financing Agreement by the Borrower if such Event of Default ha d not occurred and was not continuing shall have 
been paid by or on behalf of the Borrower, and (ii) the Borrowe r shall have also performed all other obligations in 
respect of which it is then in default under the Financing Agreement and shall have paid the charges and expenses of 
the Issuer and the reasonable charges and expenses of the Trust ee, including reasonable attorney fees and expenses 
paid or incurred by either the Issuer or the Trustee in connection with such default, then and in every such case, such 
Event of Default may be waived and annulled by the Trustee, but no such waiver or annulment shall extend to or affect 
any subsequent Event of Default or impair any right or remedy consequent thereon. 
(c) Subject to the limitations of the Regulatory Agreement and the Financing Agreement, the Issuer, 
without the consent of the Trustee, but only after written noti ce to the Trustee, the Borrower, the Lender and Fannie 
Mae, may take whatever action at  law or in equity may appear ne cessary or desirable to enforce performance and 
observance of any Reserved Right of the Issuer; provided that, the Issuer may not (i) terminate the Financing  
D-3 
Agreement or cause the Mortgage Loan to become due and payable, (ii) cause the Trustee to declare the principal of 
all Bonds then Outstanding and the interest accrued thereon to be immediately due and payable, or cause the Trustee 
to accelerate, foreclose or take any other action or seek other remedies under the Financing Documents, the Mortgage 
Loan Documents or any other documents contemplated thereby or b y the Financing Agreement to obtain such 
performance or observance, (iii) cause the acceleration, foreclosure or taking of any other action or the seeking of any 
remedies under the Mortgage Loan Documents, (iv) initiate or take any action which may have the effect, directly or 
indirectly, of impairing the ability of the Borrower to timely pay the principal, interest and other amounts due under 
the Mortgage Loan, or (v) interfere with or attempt to influence the exercise by Fannie Mae of any of its rights under 
the Financing Documents or the Mortgage Loan Documents. 
(d) Except as required to be deposited in the Rebate Fund pursu ant to the Financing Documents any 
amounts collected pursuant to action taken under this section shall, after the payment of the costs and expenses of the 
proceedings resulting in the collection of such moneys and of the expenses, liabilities and advances incurred or made 
by the Trustee, the Issuer, the Lender or Fannie Mae and their respective counsel, be applied in accordance with the 
provisions of the Indenture.  No action taken pursuant to this section shall relieve the Borrower from the Borrower’s 
obligations pursuant to the Financing Agreement. 
(e) No remedy conferred upon or reserved to the Issuer or the T rustee in the Financing Agreement is 
intended to be exclusive of any other available remedy or remed ies, but each and every such remedy shall be 
cumulative and shall be in addition to every other remedy now o r hereafter existing pursuant to any other agreement 
at law or in equity or by statute. 
(f) Notwithstanding any other provision of the Financing Agreem ent to the contrary, after the MBS 
Delivery Date, so long as Fannie Mae is not in default under th e MBS, none of the Issuer, the Trustee or any Person 
under their control shall exercise any remedies or direct any p roceedings under the Financing Agreement or the 
Mortgage Loan Documents, other than to (i) enforce rights under  the MBS, (ii) enforce the tax covenants in the 
Indenture and the Financing Agreement, or (iii) enforce rights of specific performance under the Regulatory 
Agreement; provided, however, th at any enforcement under (ii) or (iii) above shall not include seeking monetary 
damages. 
Notice of Default: Rights to Cure 
The Issuer and the Trustee shall each give notice to the other and the Trustee shall give notice to the Investor 
Limited Partner, the LGC and the Lender of the occurrence of any Event of Default by the Borrower under the 
Financing Agreement of which it has actual knowledge.  The Lender and the Investor Limited Partner shall each have 
the right, but not the obligation, to cure any such default by the Borrower, and upon performance by the Lender or the 
Investor Limited Partner to the satisfaction of the Issuer and the Trustee of the covenant, agreement or obligation of 
the Borrower with respect to which an Event of Default has occurred, the parties to the Financing Agreement shall be 
restored to their former respective positions, it being agreed that the Lender and the Investor Limited Partner shall 
each have the right to repayment from the Borrower of moneys it has expended and any other appropriate redress for 
actions it has taken to cure any default by the Borrower; provided that the Borrower’s reimbursement obligation shall 
be non-recourse to the same extent as the underlying obligation  is non-recourse to the Borrower and its partners, 
members, shareholders, directors, officers, employees or agents. 
Amendment 
The Financing Agreement and all other documents contemplated by  the Financing Agreement to which the 
Issuer is a party may be amended or terminated only if permitted by the Indenture, and no amendment to the Financing 
Agreement shall be binding upon, any party to the Financing Agreement until such amendment is reduced to writing 
and executed by the parties thereto; provided that no amendment, supplement or other modification to the Financing 
Agreement or any other Financing Document shall be effective without the prior written consent of Fannie Mae.  
D-4 
Limited Liability of the Issuer 
The Issuer shall not be obligated to pay the principal (or Rede mption Price) of, premium, if any, or interest 
on the Bonds, except from the Tru st Estate.  Neither the faith and credit nor the taxing power of the State or any 
political subdivision thereof, nor the faith and credit of the Issuer or any member is pledged to the payment of the 
principal (or Redemption Price), premium, if any, or interest on the Bonds.  The Issuer shall not be liable for any costs, 
expenses, losses, damages, claims or actions, of any conceivable kind on any conceivable theory, under or by reason 
of or in connection with the Financing Agreement, the Bonds or the Indenture, except only to the extent amounts are 
received for the payment thereof from the Borrower under the Financing Agreement or from the MBS. 
The Borrower acknowledges that the Issuer’s sole source of moneys to repay the Bonds will be provided by 
the Trust Estate, and agrees that if the payments to be made un der the Financing Agreement shall ever prove 
insufficient to pay all principal (or Redemption Price), premiu m, if any, and interest on the Bonds as the same shall 
become due (whether by maturity, redemption, acceleration or ot herwise), then upon notice from the Trustee, the 
Borrower shall pay such amounts as are required from time to time to prevent any deficiency or default in the payment 
of such principal (or Redemption Price), premium, if any, or in terest, including, but not limited to, any deficiency 
caused by acts, omissions, nonfeasance or malfeasance on the part of the Trustee, the Borrower, the Issuer or any third 
party, subject to any right of reimbursement from the Trustee, the Issuer or any such third party, as the case may be, 
therefor. 
 
 
  
E-1 
APPENDIX E 
SUMMARY OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS OF THE REGULATORY AGREEMENT 
 
The following is a summary of certain provisions of  the Regulatory Agreement.   The summary does not 
purport to be complete or definitive and is qualified in its  entirety by reference to the Regulatory Agreement, copies 
of which are on file with the Issuer and the Trustee. 
Definitions 
“Act” means the North Carolina Housing Authorities Law (Article 1 o f Chapter 157 of the North Carolina 
General Statutes), as amended. 
“Adjusted Family Income” means the anticipated annual income of a person (together with the anticipated 
annual income of all persons who intend to reside with such person in one residential unit), as determined in a manner 
consistent with Section 8 of the United States Housing Act of 1 937, or if such program is terminated, under such 
program as in effect immediately before such termination. 
“Available Units ” means residential units in a residential rental project that are actually occupied and 
residential units in the project that are unoccupied and have b een leased at least once after becoming available for 
occupancy, provided that a residential unit that is not availab le for occupancy due to renovations is not an Available 
Unit and does not become an Available Unit until it has been le ased for the first time after the renovations are 
completed. 
“Bond Counsel” means McGuireWoods LLP or any other law firm of nationally recognized standing in the 
field of municipal finance law whose opinions are generally accepted by purchasers of tax-exempt obligations that is 
acceptable to the Issuer. 
“Bondholder” means, with respect to any Bond, the registered owner of such Bond. 
“Bonds” means the $13,500,000 in aggregate principal amount of the IN LIVIAN Multifamily Green Tax-
Exempt Mortgage-Backed Bonds (GREEN M-TEBS) (Northcross Townhomes), Series 2020. 
“Borrower” means Northcross Preservation, L.P., a New York limited partn ership, together with its 
permitted successors and assigns. 
“Business Day” means a day (a) that is not a Saturday or a Sunday or a day on which (i) banking institutions 
in the City of New York or in the city in which the principal office of the Trustee is located are authorized or obligated 
by law or executive order to be closed, or (ii) The New York St ock Exchange is closed, and (b) on which the United 
States Government makes payments of principal and interest on its Treasury obligations. 
“Closing Date” means the date of issuance of the Bonds. 
“Code” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended and supplemented from time to time, or any 
successor statute, and applicable final, temporary or proposed regulations thereunder. 
“Commercial Facilities” means that part of the Project, if any, not consisting of (i)  that portion of the 
building or buildings of the Project containing residential uni ts and (ii) any facilities, or portions thereof, that are 
approved by the Issuer and are properly allocable and are directly related and essential to the portions of such building 
or buildings containing residential units for purposes of Section 142(d) of the Code, including the Recreation Facilities 
hereinafter defined and the portion of the parking facilities hereinafter described and the tenant laundry facilities which 
are intended for use by the Project’s residential tenants. 
“Complia nce Certificate ” means the Compliance Certificate substantially in the form attached as an exhibit 
to the Regulatory Agreement, as such form may be revised by the Issuer from time to time upon advice of Bond 
Counsel.  
E-2 
“Financing Agreement” means the Financing Agreement, dated as of April 1, 2020, amo ng the Borrower, 
the Issuer and the Trustee, under  which the Issuer loaned the p roceeds of the Bonds to the Borrower, together with 
any amendments, modifications or supplements thereto. 
“Income Certification” means a Certification of Tenant Eligibility substantially in the form of an exhibit 
attached to the Regulatory Agreem ent, as such form may be revis ed by the Issuer from time to time upon advice of 
Bond Counsel. 
“Income Tax Regulations ” means any applicable final, pr oposed or temporary regulations  and revenue 
rulings under the Code.  References to a section of the Income Tax Regulations shall be deemed to include any 
analogous section of revised or successor regulations. 
“Indenture” means the Indenture of Trust, dated as of April 1, 2020, by a nd between the Issuer and the 
Trustee, under which the Bonds are issued and secured, as the same may be amended, modified or supplemented from 
time to time. 
“Investor Limited Partner ” means Wells Fargo Affordable Housing Community Development 
Corporation, and its successors and/or assigns. 
“Issuer” means INLIVIAN, a public body and body corporate and politic created and existing under the laws 
of the State of North Carolina, together with its permitted successors and assigns. 
“Lender” shall have the meaning given such term in the Indenture. 
“Loan” means the proceeds provided by the Issuer to the Borrower pursuant to the Financing Agreement. 
“Low Income Persons or Families” or “Low Income Tenants” means persons whose aggregate Adjusted 
Family Income does not exceed 60% of the Median Gross Income for the Area determined by the Secretary of Housing 
and Urban Development in a manner consistent with determination s of low income families under Section 8 of the 
United States Housing Act of 1937, as amended (or, if such program is terminated, under such program as in effect 
immediately before such termination), with adjustments for smal ler and larger families.  For purposes of this 
definition, the occupants of a residential unit shall not be de emed to be Low Income Persons or Families or Low 
Income Tenants if all the occupants of such residential unit at any time are “students,” as defined in Section 152(f)(2) 
of the Code, unless an occupant falls within the exceptions set  forth in Section 42(i)(3)(D) of the Code as provided 
through Section 142(d)(2)(c) of the Code. 
“Median Gross Income for the Area ” means the median income for th e households in the area which 
includes the City of Charlotte, North Carolina, as determined from time to time by the Secretary of Housing and Urban 
Development, under Section 8 of the United States Housing Act of 1937, as amended (or if such program is terminated, 
median income determined under the program in effect immediately before such termination), in each case as adjusted 
for family size, all in accordance with Section 142(d) of the Code. 
“Mortgage” has the meaning given such term in the Indenture. 
“Project” means the residential rental housing development known as Northcross Townhomes, consisting of 
99 units, and located in the City of Charlotte, North Carolina on the Real Property. 
“Qualified Project Period” means that period, beginning on the later of the first day on  which at least ten 
percent (10%) of the residential units in the Project are occupied or the Closing Date, and ending on the latest of: 
(i) the date which is 15 years after the later of the Closing D ate or the date on which fifty percent (50%) 
of the residential units in the Project are occupied, or 
(ii) the first day on which no tax-exempt private activity bond  issued with respect to the Project is 
outstanding, or  
E-3 
(iii) the date on which any assi stance provided with respect to the Project under Section 8 of the United 
States Housing Act of 1937, as amended, terminates. 
“Qualified Residential Rental Project ” means any project for residential rental property if at all t imes 
during the Qualified Project Period, such project meets the requirements of Section 142(d)(1)(A) or (B) of the Code, 
whichever is elected by the Issuer at the time of issuance of the Bonds. 
“Real Property” means the land described in an exhibit attached to the Regulatory Agreement. 
“Recreation Facilities” means any recreational or exercise facilities located on the Real Property. 
“Rental Housing” means similarly constructed proximate housing units made avai lable for rental, and not 
ownership, to members of the general public, each of which units shall contain complete living facilities which are to 
be used on other than a transient basis and facilities which ar e functionally related and subordinate to the living 
facilities and which meet the requirements of Section 142(d) of  the Code.  Rental Housing shall at all times be 
constructed and maintained in accordance with the applicable bu ilding code standards within the City of Charlotte, 
North Carolina. 
“State” means the State of North Carolina. 
“Substantial Rehabilitation” means the acquisition of an existing residential rental project where more than 
90% of the residential units in the Project are not Available Units at any time within 60 days after the later of (1) the 
date the Project is acquired or (2) the issue date of the Bonds. 
“Trustee” means U.S. Bank National Association, the trustee designated as such under the Indenture or any 
successor trustee under the Indenture, together with their respective successors and assigns. 
Qualified Residential Rental Project  
The Issuer and the Borrower declare their understanding and intent that the Project is to be owned, managed 
and operated, as a Qualified Residential Rental Project.  The I ssuer elects the “40-60” test as set forth in Section 
142(d)(1)(B) of the Code.  To that end, and in compliance with the Act, the Borrower represents, covenants and agrees 
as follows: 
(a) that the Project is being acquired, rehabilitated, and equipped for the purpose of providing 
multifamily residential rental property, and the Project shall be owned, managed and operated as multifamily Rental 
Housing, all in accordance with Section 142(d)(1) of the Code and Section 1.103-8(b) of the Income Tax Regulations, 
as the same may be amended from time to time and applicable to the Project; 
(b) that all of the dwelling units in the Project will be simil arly constructed and each such dwelling unit 
shall contain complete facilities for living, sleeping, eating, cooking and sanitation for a single person or a family; 
(c) that during the Qualified Project Period: 
(i) none of the dwelling units i n the Project shall ever be leased or rented for a period of less 
than thirty (30) days; and 
(ii) neither the Project nor any  portion thereof shall ever be used as a hotel, motel, dormitory, 
fraternity house, sorority house, rooming house, hospital, sani tarium, nursing home, rest home, or trailer 
court or park; 
(d) that during the Qualified Project Period (i) the dwelling units in the Project shall be leased and rented 
or made available for rental on a continuous basis to members o f the general public (except for applicable age 
restrictions and income restrictions), (ii) at least 40% of the Available Units in the Project shall be leased and rented 
o
r made available for rental on a continuous basis to Low Incom e Tenants; and (iii) the Borrower shall not give  
E-4 
preference in renting dwelling units in the Project to any particular class or group of persons, other than Low Income 
Tenants as provided in the Regulatory Agreement or any preferences approved by the Issuer or required by the United 
States Department of Housing and Urban Development; provided, however, that an insubstantial number of dwelling 
units in the Project may be occupied by maintenance, security or managerial employees of the Borrower or its property 
manager, which employees must be reasonably necessary for operation of the Project; 
(e) that during the Qualified Pr oject Period no part of the Project will at any time be owned or used by 
a cooperative housing corporation; 
(f) that the Project will consist of one or more discrete edifi ces or other man-made construction, each 
consisting of an independent foundation, outer walls and roof, all of which will be (i) owned by the same person for 
federal tax purposes, (ii) located on a common tract of land or two or more tracts of land which are contiguous except 
for being separated only by a road, street, stream or similar property (tracts are contiguous if their boundaries meet at 
one or more points), and (iii) financed by the Loan of the Issuer or otherwise pursuant to a common plan of financing, 
and which will consist entirely of: 
(i) units which are sim ilarly constructed; and 
(ii) facilities functionally related and subordinate in purpose  and size to property described in 
(i) above, e.g., parking areas, laundries, swimming pools, tennis courts and other Recreation Facilities (none 
of which may be unavailable to any person because such person is a Low Income Tenant) and other facilities 
which are reasonably required for the Project, e.g., heating and cooling equipment, trash disposal equipment 
or units for residential managers or maintenance personnel; 
(g) that during the Qualified Project Period the Project will n ot include a unit in a building where all 
units in such building are not also included in the Project; 
(h) that during the Qualified Project Period the Borrower will not convert the Project from residential 
rental property to condominium ownership or other use; 
(i) that during the Qualified Project Period no dwelling unit i n the Project shall be occupied by the 
Borrower at any time unless the Borrower resides in a dwelling unit in a building or structure which contains at least 
five dwelling units and unless the resident of such dwelling un it is a resident manager or other necessary employee 
(e.g., maintenance and security personnel); 
(j) that less than 25% of the proceeds of the Bonds will be use d for the acquisition of land; 
(k) that during the Qualified Pr o je c t  P e r i o d,  t h e  B o r r ow e r  w i l l not discriminate on the basis of age 
(except for applicable age restrictions), race, creed, religion, color, sex, marital status, or national origin in the lease, 
use or occupancy of the Project or in connection with the emplo yment or application for employment of persons for 
the operation and management of the Project;  
(l) that during the Qualified Project Period, the Borrower will  require all tenants moving into units with 
existing leases, which units have previously qualified as Low Income Tenant units, to be put on the lease in addition 
to the current tenant on the lease and to require recertificati on of said unit within 12 months of the new tenant(s) 
moving into the unit. 
Unless the above provisions of this section are amended as perm itted under the Regulatory Agreement, the 
above provisions of this section shall remain in effect during the Qualified Project Period; provided, however, the 
Borrower may be discharged from its obligations under the above  provisions of this section and “Low Income 
Tenants” below to the extent only that the same are assumed by any successor in interest to the Borrower pursuant to 
“Sale, Lease or Transfer of Project” below.  
E-5 
Low Income Tenants 
In order to satisfy the requirements of the Act and Section 142 (d) of the Code, the Borrower represents, 
covenants and agrees that, as follows: 
(a) (i)  commencing on the later of the first date on which 10%  of the units in the Project are occupied 
or the issue date of the Bonds, (1) at least 40% of the Available Units in the Project shall be occupied by Low Income 
Tenants before any Available Units are rented or leased to any other tenants and (2) after initial rental occupancy of 
such dwelling units by Low Income Tenants, at least 40% of the Available Units in the Project at all times shall be 
rented to and occupied (or held available for rent if previousl y rented to and occupied by a Low Income Tenant) by 
Low Income Tenants as required by Section 142(d) of the Code.  For the purpose of the requirement that not less than 
40% of the Available Units be occupied by Low Income Tenants, if a tenant qualified as a Low Income Tenant upon 
occupancy, the income of that tenant shall be treated as contin uing to not exceed the applicable income limit, 
notwithstanding that such tenant’s income may subsequently exceed the applicable income limit; provided, however, 
that such person shall no longer be qualified as a Low Income Tenant as of the most recent determination (as provided 
in paragraph (e) below) if the tenant’s Adjusted Family Income exceeds 140% of the then applicable income limit.  If 
it is determined that a tenant’s Adjusted Family Income exceeds  140% of the applicable income limit, the Borrower 
may avoid non-compliance with the rules set forth in the Regula tory Agreement if the n ext available unit of 
comparable or smaller size not counted as occupied by a Low Inc ome Tenant is rented to a qualifying Low Income 
Tenant; 
(ii)  notwithstanding subclause (a)(i) above, if the proceeds o f the Bonds are financing the 
acquisition and rehabilitation of an existing residential renta l project (other than Substantial Rehabilitation, 
to which subclause (a)(i) above will apply), the Borrower shall have twelve months beginning on the date of 
issuance of the Bonds (the “Transition Period”) to satisfy the requirement that at least 40% of the Available 
Units are occupied by Low Income Tenants.  The failure to satisfy the set-aside requirement of this subclause 
(a)(ii) by the last day of the Transition Period will cause the Project not to be a Qualified Residential Rental 
Project as of the issue date of the Bonds issued to finance the Project unless the Bonds issued to finance the 
Project are redeemed as soon as possible, but in no event later  than eighteen months after the issue date of 
the Bonds; 
(b) the income of all tenants who occupy or will occupy the uni ts in the Project will be verified by the 
Borrower by obtaining an Income C ertification and with respect to Low Income Tenants, (i) if the occupant is 
employed, an employer’s written verification of current anticip ated annual income or at least four consecutive pay 
stubs, (ii) if the occupant is self-employed, the occupant shall provide an annualized profit and loss statement or copies 
of business receipts, checks or prior years’ federal income tax  returns or (iii) if the occupant is not employed, the 
occupant shall provide evidence of governmental income or renta l assistance and of any other income.  Each such 
certification shall be dated (i) not later than the date of execution of the lease, but in no event more than five days prior 
to the initial occupancy of such tenant in the Project (and the Borrower shall require such tenant to notify the Borrower 
of any material change of information in the Income Certification between execution thereof and initial occupancy of 
such tenant in the Project), and (ii) at least annually thereafter, in each case in the form and containing such information 
as may be required by Section 142(d) of the Code, initially in the form attached as an e xhibit to the Regulatory 
Agreement, as the same may be from time to time amended by the Borrower with the consent of the Issuer on the 
advice of Bond Counsel (a copy of which amendments shall be provided to the Issuer, the Trustee and the Lender), or 
in such other form and manner as may be required by applicable rules, rulings, procedures, official statements, 
regulations or policies now or hereafter promulgated or propose d by the Department of the Treasury or the Internal 
Revenue Service with respect to obligations issued under Section 142(a)(7) of the Code; 
(c) during the Qualified Project Period, the Borrower shall mai ntain complete and accurate records 
pertaining to the dwelling units occupied or to be occupied by Low Income Tenants, including Income Certifications, 
and will permit any duly authorized representative of the Issue r, the Trustee, the Department of the Treasury or the 
Int
ernal Revenue Service to inspect the books and records of the Borrower pertaining to the Income Certifications of 
L o w  I n c o m e  T e n a n t s  r e s i d i n g  i n  t h e  P r o j e c t  f o r  t h e  p u r p o s e  o f  verifying compliance by the Borrower under the 
Regulatory Agreement upon reasonable notice and at reasonable times.  The Borrower agrees that in the event of an 
Internal Revenue Service, Department of Treasury or Issuer audi t of compliance with the R egulatory Agreement as 
authorized by this paragraph, th e Borrower will pay all reasona ble fees and expenses of the Issuer, its authorized  
E-6 
representatives, and its counsel actually incurred in connection with such audit.  The Borrower shall keep information 
as set forth in this paragraph for a period of three years following the end of the Qualified Project Period; 
(d) during the Qualified Project Period, (i) the Borrower shall  immediately notify the Trustee and the 
Issuer if at any time the dwelling units in the Project are not  occupied or available for occupancy as provided in 
paragraph (a) above, (ii) the Borrower shall prepare and submit  to the Issuer and, if requested, the Lender, not later 
than the fifteenth (15th) day of the month following the initia l occupancy of any of the units in the Project and not 
later than the fifteenth (15th) day following the end of each s ix months thereafter, a Compliance Certificate 
substantially in the form attached as an exhibit to the Regulatory Agreement executed by the Borrower stating, among 
other matters, the number of dwelling units of the Project whic h were occupied or were deemed to be occupied by 
Low Income Tenants during such period, and (iii) so long as any  Bonds remain Outstanding, the Borrower shall 
prepare and submit a copy of each Compliance Certificate required under clause (ii) of this subsection to the Trustee 
upon request; 
(e) during the Qualified Project Period, the Borrower shall mak e the determination of whether the 
income of a tenant of a unit in t he Project exceeds the applica ble limit at least annually on the basis of the current 
income of the tenant by causing each tenant to execute a recert ification of their annual income.  The Borrower shall 
require in the lease of each Low Income Tenant that the tenant fill out an annual income recertification to help the 
Borrower determine whether the tenant still qualifies as a Low Income Tenant.  The Borrower shall provide in each 
tenant’s lease that completion and execution of such certificat es by the tenant is a substantial obligation, 
noncompliance with which can result in termination of tenancy; and 
(f) the Borrower shall prepare and file with the Trustee, the L ender and the Issuer true copies of each 
IRS Form 8703 - “Annual Certification of a Residential Rental Project” (or any successor form thereto) as completed 
and filed with the Internal Revenue Service for each calendar year during the Qualified Project Period, which 
certification shall be filed within thirty (30) days after each anniversary of the completion date of the rehabilitation of 
the Project or at such other times as may be prescribed in the Income Tax Regulations promulgated under Section 
142(d)(7) of the Code. 
The benefits of “Qualified Residential Rental Project” above an d this section shall inure to, and may be 
enforced by, the Trustee and the Issuer and their successors and assigns for the Qualified Project Period. 
Compliance with Act, Code and Rules 
(a) The Borrower covenants and agrees that (i) it will comply with all requirements of the Act, and the 
rules applicable to it or to the Project; (ii) at no time will it take any action, or fail to take any action, which action or 
failure to act would adversely affect the exclusion from gross income of the interest on the Bonds for federal income 
tax purposes; (iii) at least 95% of the net proceeds of the Bon ds will be applied to finance a Qualified Residential 
Rental Project; and (iv) it will maintain the Project at all ti mes during the Qualified Project Period in such a manner 
that the Project qualifies as a Qualified Residential Rental Pr oject and pursuant thereto, forty percent (40%) or more 
of the residential units in such Project will be occupied by Lo w Income Persons or Families, with adjustments for 
smaller and larger families within the respective meanings ascribed to such quoted terms in Section 142(d) of the 
Code.  In connection with the foregoing and with the Regulatory  Agreement, the Borrower agrees to execute and 
deliver such amendments and supplements to the Regulatory Agreement as the Issuer (with a copy to Bond Counsel 
and the Trustee) or Bond Counsel (with a copy to the Issuer and the Trustee) reasonably shall determine to be necessary 
to preserve the exclusion of the interest on the Bonds of the holders thereof from gross income for federal income tax 
purposes. 
(b) The Borrower agrees that it will not request any disburseme nt under the Loan for: 
(i) the acquisition of a building (and any fixtures thereto as of the date of acquisition), the 
“first use” of which is not pursuant to such acquisition within  the meaning of Section 147(d) of the Code, 
unless the Borrower shall expend from Loan proceeds or other available sources, an amount at least equal to 
fifteen percent (15%) of “the portion of the cost of acquiring such
  building (and equipment) financed with 
the proceeds” of the Bonds for “rehabilitation expenditures” within the meaning of Section 147(d) and of the 
Code with respect to such building and fixtures;  
E-7 
(ii) the acquisition of land (or an interest therein) in any am ount which would cause the 
aggregate amount therefore and thereupon disbursed for such cos ts to equal or exceed twenty-five percent 
(25%) of the net proceeds of the sale of the Bonds; or 
(iii) any portion of the Project w hich would cause the “average reasonably expected economic 
life”, as determined in the manner and as of the time provided by Section 147(b) of the Code, of the portion 
of the Project that has been, or pursuant to such requested dis bursement is to be, financed with proceeds of 
the Loan to be less than one day more than eighty-three and one -third percent (83 1/3%) of the “average 
maturity” of the Bonds within the meaning of Section 147(b) of the Code. 
If for any reason disbursements under this paragraph (b) in excess of the limits imposed by subclauses (i), (ii) or (iii) 
set forth above shall be made, or if, assuming after any disbursement that no further disbursements were made under 
the Financing Agreement, such limits would be violated by measu rement against the amount of disbursements 
theretofore made, the Borrower agrees to take all steps necessary to assure the exclusion of the interest payable on the 
Bonds of the holders thereof from gross income for federal income tax purposes. 
(c) The Borrower agrees that it will not request any disburseme nt under the Loan for any costs of: 
(i) any portion of the Project constituting a “health club faci lity,” a “facility primarily used for 
gambling,” or a “store the principal business of which is the sale of alcoholic beverages for consumption off 
premises” within the meaning of Section 147(e) of the Code; 
(ii) land, or an interest therein, to be used for “farming purp oses” within the meaning of Section 
147(c) of the Code; or 
(iii) any property, other than a building (and fixtures located  t h e r e i n  a s  o f  t h e  d a t e  o f  t h e  
building’s acquisition), the “fir st use” of which is not pursua nt to such acquisition within the meaning of 
Section 147(d) of the Code. 
Sale, Lease or Transfer of the Project 
(a) The Borrower shall not sell, lease (other than to resident tenants in the normal course of business), 
exchange, assign, convey, transfer or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of the Project nor have a change of 
any general partner of the Borrower (herein collectively called “Disposition”) without the prior written consent of the 
Issuer (such consent not unreasonably to be withheld).  Notwith standing anything to the contrary contained in the 
Financing Documents (as defined in the Indenture), the withdrawal, removal and/or replacement of Borrower’s general 
partner for cause in accordance with Borrower’s Amended and Res tated Agreement of Limited Partnership (the 
“Partnership Agreement”) shall not require the consent of Issue r and shall not constitute a default under any of the 
Financing Documents or accelerate the maturity of the Loan so long as the general partner is replaced with an affiliate 
of the Investor Limited Partner.  Issuer shall not unreasonably withhold its consent to the substitute general partner if 
it is other than an affiliate of either the Investor Limited Partner or the General Partner.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
the substitute general partner shall assume all of the rights and obligations of the removed general partner under all of 
the Financing Documents.  It is expressly agreed that in connec tion with determining whether to grant or withhold 
such consent to a Disposition, the Issuer may (but is not obligated to) (i) consider the creditworthiness of the party to 
whom such Disposition will be made, its ability to provide serv ices specifically to Low Income Tenants, its prior 
operation of low income rental housing, its operation of other housing facilities in Charlotte, North Carolina, if any, 
and its management ability with respect to the Project; (ii) co nsider whether or not any security for the performance 
of the obligations under the Regulatory Agreement will be impaired in any material way by the proposed Disposition; 
(iii) consider such other factors as the Issuer may deem approp riate; (iv) require that the Issuer be reimbursed for all 
reasonable costs and expenses incurred by the Issuer for investigating the creditworthiness and management ability of 
the party to whom such Disposition will be made and in determin ing whether the Issuer’s security will be impaired 
by the proposed Disposition; (v) r equire the payment to the Issuer of a transfer fee equal to the reasonable costs of 
investigating and approving the Disposition and documenting the Disposition in its records; (vi) require the payment 
of 
its reasonable attorney’s fees actually incurred in connecti on with such Disposition; (vii) require the execution of 
modification agreements, supplemental security documents and financing statements, where appropriate, reasonably 
satisfactory in form and substance to the Issuer, it being understood and agreed that no material change shall be  
E-8 
required to any of the terms and conditions of the Financing Ag reement, the Regulatory Ag reement or any related 
instrument or agreement as a condition for the approval of any such Disposition; and (viii) require the payment of the 
Issuer’s annual fee prorated to the date of disposition of the Project.  The foregoing provisions shall not operate to 
limit in any manner any requirements that the Borrower obtain t he consent of any other party to such Disposition 
under the terms of the Financing Agreement or any of the other documents executed in connection with the Bonds. 
(b) The Borrower covenants that upon a Disposition, it will req uire the party to whom a Disposition 
will be made to assume in writing, in a form acceptable to the Issuer and the Trustee, all duties and obligations of the 
Borrower under the Regulatory Agreement, including this section, in the event of a subsequent Disposition by such 
party prior to expiration of the Qualified Project Period.  The Borrower shall deliver the assumption agreement to the 
Issuer and the Trustee concurrently with the Disposition. 
(c) It is expressly stipulated and agreed that any Disposition of the Project by the Borrower in violation 
of this section shall be null, void and without effect, and shall be ineffective to relieve the Borrower of its obligations 
under the Regulatory Agreement and the Financing Agreement.  In the event that the Issuer approves the Disposition 
of the Project in accordance with this section, and the transferee has agreed to perform the obligations of the Borrower 
under the Financing Agreement and the Regulatory Agreement in accordance with the terms and conditions of the 
Financing Agreement and the Regulatory Agreement, the Borrower shall be released from its obligations under the 
Regulatory Agreement automatically and without further action by the Issuer, and the Issuer shall confirm such release 
by recordable written instrument, if requested to do so by the Borrower. 
(d) Except as permitted in paragraph (a) above, so long as any portion of the Bonds remains outstanding, 
there shall be no transfer by any party of more than a 50% ownership interest in the Borrower, nor shall there be any 
other similarly significant change in the ownership interest, c ontrol or relative distribution thereof, of the Borrower 
by any other method or means including, but not limited to, inc reased capitalization, merger, corporate or other 
amendments, issuance of additiona l or new stock or classificati on of stock, or otherwise, without the prior written 
consent of the Issuer, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld; provided, however, that this paragraph shall 
not apply to transfers of the interests of the Investor Limited Partner in the Borrower. 
(e) Any Disposition will be subject to the Issuer and the Trust ee receiving an Opinion of Bond Counsel 
that the transaction contemplated and as carried out will not adversely affect the exclusion of the interest on the Bonds 
of the holders thereof from gross income for federal income tax purposes. 
(f) The restrictions contained in the foregoing provisions of t his section shall not be applicable to any 
of the following exceptions, and the prior consent of the Issue r shall not be required as to such exceptions:  (i) any 
transfer pursuant to or in lieu of a foreclosure under the Mortgage or other similar disposition of the Project, (ii) grants 
of utility related easements and utility and other service rela ted leases or easements, including without limitation, 
laundry service leases or television cable easements, over portions of the Project, provided the same are granted in the 
ordinary course of business in connection with the operation of  the Project as contemplated by the Regulatory 
Agreement, (iii) leases of apartment units to Low Income Tenants or other tenants in accordance with the requirements 
of the Regulatory Agreement, (iv) any sale or conveyance to a c ondemning governmental authority as a direct result 
of a condemnation or a governmental taking or a threat thereof, and (v) any change in allocations of preferred return 
capital, depreciation or losses or any final adjustments in cap ital accounts (all of which may be freely transferred or 
adjusted by Borrower pursuant to Borrower’s Partnership Agreement). 
Enforcement 
(a) The Issuer, the Borrower and the Trustee each covenants tha t it will not knowingly take or permit 
any action that would adversely affect the exemption from federal income taxation of interest on the Bonds.  Moreover, 
each covenants to take any lawful action (including amendment of the Regulatory Agreement as may be necessary, in 
the opinion of Bond Counsel) to comply fully with the requirements of the Act and with all applicable rules, rulings, 
policies, procedures, regulations or other official statements pr
 omulgated or proposed by the Department of the 
Treasury or the Internal Revenue Service from time to time pert aining to obligations the interest on which is tax-
exempt under Section 142(d) of the Code and affecting the Project.  
E-9 
(b) If the Borrower defaults in the performance of its obligati ons under the Regulatory Agreement or 
breaches any covenant, agreement or warranty of the Borrower se t forth in the Regulatory Agreement, and if such 
default remains uncured for a period of 60 days after notice thereof shall have been given by the Trustee or the Issuer 
to the Borrower (or for an extended period approved in writing by Bond Counsel if such default stated in such notice 
can be corrected, but not within such 60 day period, and if the  Borrower commences such correction within such 60 
day period, and thereafter diligently pursues the same to completion within such extended period), then the Issuer or 
the Trustee may apply to any court, state or federal, for speci fic performance of the Regulatory Agreement or an 
injunction against any violation of the Regulatory Agreement or  any other remedies at law or in equity or any such 
other actions as it may deem necessary or desirable so as to co rrect noncompliance with the Regulatory Agreement.  
Any cure of any Event of Default under the Regulatory Agreement made or tendered by the Investor Limited Partner 
shall be deemed to be cure by the Borrower, and shall be accept ed or rejected by the Issuer and Trustee on the same 
basis as if made or tendered by the Borrower. 
(c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary stated in the Regu latory Agreement, the Indenture or the 
Financing Agreement, the Issuer and the Trustee shall have the right to seek specific pe rformance of any of the 
covenants and requirements of the Regulatory Agreement concerning the rehabilitation and operation of the Project.  
The Trustee and the Issuer shall have the right, either jointly  or severally, to enforce the Regulatory Agreement and 
require curing of defaults in such shorter periods than specifi ed above as Bond Counsel may determine necessary to 
maintain the tax-exempt status of interest on the Bonds.  The T rustee shall have the right in accordance with this 
section, following written notice to the Issuer, to exercise an y or all of the Issuer’s rights or remedies under the 
Regulatory Agreement. 
(d) The Issuer shall receive any reports submitted by the Borro wer pursuant to the Regulatory 
Agreement and shall monitor or cause to be monitored any such r eports in accordance with the standards set forth 
below.  In performing their duties and obligations under the Re gulatory Agreement, the Issuer, the Trustee and their 
respective counsel may rely upon statements and certificates of the Borrower and tenants and upon audits of the books 
and records of the Borrower pertaining to occupancy of the Project. 
(e) The Borrower and the Issuer each acknowledges that the primary purposes for requiring compliance 
by the Borrower with the restrictions provided in the Regulatory Agreement are to comply with the requirements of 
the Act and to preserve the federal income tax exemption of int erest on the Bonds to the Bondholders, and that the 
Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders who are declared to be thi rd-party beneficiaries of the Regulatory Agreement 
shall be entitled, for any breach of the provisions thereof, to all remedies both at law and in equity in the event of any 
default under the Regulatory Agreement. 
(f) Notwithstanding the foregoing, enforcement of the Regulatory Agreement shall no t serve as a basis 
for a declaration of default under the Mortgage or acceleration of the Loan or result in any claim under such Loan, or 
claim against the Project, the proceeds of the Loan, or against the rents or other income from the Project for payment 
under the Regulatory Agreement. 
(g) The Issuer and the Trustee agree that a copy of any notice sent to the Borrower under the Regulatory 
Agreement shall be sent concurrently to the Investor Limited Pa rtner at the address set forth in the Regulatory 
Agreement. 
Term of Agreement 
The Regulatory Agreement shall be in full force and effect from  the date thereof for the Qualified Project 
Period regardless of whether the Bonds remain outstanding; prov ided, however, that the requirements of the 
Regulatory Agreement shall: 
(a) terminate in the event that involuntary non-compliance with  the Regulatory Agreement is caused by 
fire, seizure, requisition, change in federal law or an action of a federal agency which prevents the Issuer from 
enforcing the Regulatory Agreem ent, or condemnation or similar event,  and if  the  Borr owe r,  withi n a rea sona ble 
period, either prepays the Loan in full or uses the amounts received as a consequence of such event to construct another 
project meeting the requiremen ts of Section 142(d) of the Code; or  
E-10 
(b) cease to apply in the event of an involuntary loss or a substantial destruction of the Project as a result 
of unforeseen events such as fire, seizure, requisition, condemnation, foreclosure or transfer of title by deed in lieu of 
foreclosure pursuant to the Mortgage or any other deed of trust  with respect to the Project, so long as, within a 
reasonable time period, either the Bonds are retired in full or the amounts received as a consequence of such event are 
used to provide a Qualified Residential Rental Project.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the termination provisions of 
this paragraph shall cease to apply in the event of foreclosure pursuant to the Mortgage, or other mortgage with respect 
to the Project, transfer of title by deed-in-lieu of foreclosure, or similar event if, at any time subsequent to such event 
and during the Qualified Project Period, the Borrower or a rela ted person (as defined in Section 1.103 10(e) of the 
Treasury Regulations) obtains an ownership interest in the Project for tax purposes. 
Covenants Run With the Real Property; Term 
The Issuer, the Trustee and the Borrower declare their express intent that the covenants, reservations and 
restrictions set forth in “Qualified Residential Rental Project” and “Low Income Tenants” above (exclusive of the last 
paragraph of “Qualified Residential Rental Project”) shall be deemed covenants running with the land, shall run with 
the title to the Real Property, and shall pass to and be binding upon the Borrower’s successors in title and the 
Borrower’s successors and assigns.  Each and every contract, de ed or other instrument thereafter executed covering 
or conveying Real Property or any portion thereof shall conclus ively be held to have been executed, delivered and 
accepted subject to such covenants, regardless of whether or not such covenants are set forth in such contract, deed or 
other instrument.  Unless sooner terminated in accordance with the Regulatory Agreement, such covenants shall 
continue in full force and effect for the Qualified Project Per iod, it being expressly agreed and understood that the 
provisions of the Regulatory Agreement are intended to survive the expiration of the Indenture and the retirement of 
the Bonds, if such expiration and retirement occur prior to the end of the Qualified Project Period.  Upon the expiration 
of the Qualified Project Period, or if the provisions of the Re gulatory Agreement are terminated (in the opinion of 
Bond Counsel), the Issuer and the Trustee (only to the extent t he Trustee has not been released pursuant to the 
Regulatory Agreement) covenant to execute a release of the covenants of the Borrower in the Regulatory Agreement 
and provide such release to the Borrower for recordation in the  real property records of Mecklenburg County, North 
Carolina. 
  
F-1 
APPENDIX F 
BOOK-ENTRY SYSTEM 
The information in this section concerning DTC and DTC’s book-entry system has been obtained from 
sources that the Issuer and the Borrower believe to be reliable, but neither the Issuer, the Underwriter nor the 
Borrower take responsibility for the accuracy thereof. 
The Depository Trust Company (“DTC”), New York, New York will a ct as securities depository for the 
Bonds.  The Bonds will be issued as fully-registered securities  r e g i s t e r e d  i n  t h e  n a m e  o f  C e d e  &  C o .   ( D T C ’ s  
partnership nominee) or such other name as may be requested by an authorized representative of DTC.  One fully-
registered bond will be issued for each maturity of the Bonds, each in the aggregate principal amount of such maturity, 
and will be deposited with DTC or held by the Trustee. 
DTC, the world’s largest depository, is a limited-purpose trust  company organized under the New York 
Banking Law, a “banking organization” within the meaning of the New York Banking Law, a member of the Federal 
Reserve System, a “clearing corp oration” within the meaning of the New York Uniform Commercial Code, and a 
“clearing agency” registered pursuant to the provisions of Section 17A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.  DTC 
holds and provides asset servicing for over 3.5 million issues of U.S. and non-U.S. equity issues, corporate and 
municipal debt issues, and money market instruments (from over 100 countries) that DTC’ s participants (“Direct 
Participants”) deposit with DTC. DTC also facilitates the post-trade settlement among Direct Participants of sales and 
other securities transactions in deposited securities, through electronic computerized book-entry transfers and pledges 
between Direct Participants’ accounts.  This eliminates the nee d for physical movement of securities certificates.  
Direct Participants include both U.S. and non-U.S. securities b rokers and dealers, banks, trust companies, clearing 
corporations, and certain other organizations.  DTC is a wholly-owned subsidiary of The Depository Trust & Clearing 
Corporation (“DTCC”).  DTCC is the holding company for DTC, National Securities Clearing Corporation and Fixed 
Income Clearing Corporation, all of which are registered cleari ng agencies.  DTCC is owned by the users of its 
regulated subsidiaries.  Access to the DTC system is also available to others such as both U.S. and non-U.S. securities 
brokers and dealers, banks, trus t companies, and clearing corpo rations that clear through or maintain a custodial 
relationship with a Direct Participant, either directly or indirectly (“Indirect Participants”).  The DTC Rules applicable 
to its Participants are on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
Purchases of Bonds under the DTC system must be made by or thro ugh Direct Participants, which will 
receive a credit for the Bonds on DTC’s records.  The ownership  interest of each actual purchaser of each Bond 
(“Beneficial Owner”) is in turn to be recorded on the Direct and Indirect Participants’ records. Beneficial Owners will 
not receive written confirmation from DTC of their purchase.  B eneficial Owners are, however, expected to receive 
written confirmations providing details of the transaction, as well as periodic statements of their holdings, from the 
Direct or Indirect Participant through which the Beneficial Owner entered into the transaction.  Transfers of ownership 
interests in the bonds are to be accomplished by entries made on the records of Direct and Indirect Participants acting 
on behalf of Beneficial Owners.  Beneficial Owners will not receive certificates representing their ownership interests 
in bonds, except in the event that use of the book-entry system for the bonds is discontinued. 
To facilitate subsequent transfers, all Bonds deposited by Direct Participants with DTC are registered in the 
name of DTC’s partnership nominee, Cede & Co., or such other na me as may be requested by an authorized 
representative of DTC.  The deposit of Bonds with DTC and their registration in the name of Cede & Co. or such 
other DTC nominee do not effect any change in beneficial ownership.  DTC has no knowledge of the actual Beneficial 
Owners of the Bonds; DTC’s records reflect only the identity of the Direct Participants to whose accounts such Bonds 
are credited, which may or may not be the Beneficial Owners.  T he Direct and Indirect Participants will remain 
responsible for keeping account of their holdings on behalf of their customers. 
Conveyance of notices and other  communications by DTC to Direct  Participants, by Direct Participants to 
Indirect Participants, and by Direct Participants and Indirect Participants to Beneficial Owners will be governed by 
arra
ngements among them, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time to time.  
Beneficial Owners of Bonds may wish to take certain steps to augment the transmission to them of notices of 
significant events with respect to the Bonds, such as redemptions, tenders, defaults, and proposed amendments to the 
transaction documents.  For example, Beneficial Owners of Bonds may wish to ascertain that the nominee holding the 
Bonds for their benefit has agreed to obtain and transmit notices to Beneficial Owners.  In the alternative, Beneficial  
F-2 
Owners may wish to provide their names and addresses to the registrar and request that copies of notices be provided 
directly to them. 
Redemption notices shall be sent to DTC.  If less than all of the Bonds within a maturity are being redeemed, 
the amount of the interest of each  Direct Participant in such i ssue to be redeemed shall be determined on a pro rata 
basis in accordance with the “Pro Rata Pass Through Distributions of Principal” procedures of DTC. 
Neither DTC nor Cede & Co. (nor any other DTC nominee) will consent or vote with respect to Bonds unless 
authorized by a Direct Participant in accordance with DTC’s Pro cedures. Under its usual procedures, DTC mails an 
Omnibus Proxy to the Issuer as soon as possible after the recor d date.  The Omnibus Proxy assigns Cede & Co.’s 
consenting or voting rights to those Direct Participants to who se accounts Bonds are credited on the record date 
(identified in a listing attached to the Omnibus Proxy). 
Principal and interest payments on the Bonds will be made to Cede & Co., or such other nominee as may be 
requested by an authorized representative of DTC.  DTC’s practi ce is to credit Direct Par ticipants’ accounts upon 
DTC’s receipt of funds and corresponding detail information from the Issuer, on payable date in accordance with their 
respective holdings shown on DTC’s records.  Payments by Partic ipants to Beneficial Owners will be governed by 
standing instructions and customary practices, as is the case with securities held for the accounts of customers in bearer 
form or registered in “street name,” and will be the responsibility of such Participant and not of DTC or its nominee, 
or the Issuer, subject to any statutory or regulatory requireme nts as may be in effect from time to time. Payment of 
principal and interest payments to Cede & Co. (or such other no minee as may be requested by an authorized 
representative of DTC) is the responsibility of the Issuer, dis bursement of such payments to Direct Participants will 
be the responsibility of DTC, and disbursement of such payments to the Beneficial Owners will be the responsibility 
of Direct and Indirect Participants. 
DTC may discontinue providing its services as depository with r espect to the Bonds at any time by giving 
reasonable notice to the Issuer.  Under such circumstances, in the event that a successor depository is not obtained, 
bonds are required to be printed and delivered. 
The Issuer may decide to discontinue use of the system of book-entry transfers through DTC (or a successor 
securities depository).  In that event, the bonds will be printed and delivered. 
The information in this section concerning DTC and DTC’s book-e ntry system has been obtained from 
sources that the Issuer believes to be reliable, but the Issuer takes no responsibility for the accuracy thereof. 
  
G-1 
APPENDIX G 
FORM OF CONTINUING DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT 
$13,500,000 
INLIVIAN 
Multifamily Green Tax-Exempt Mortgage-backed Bonds 
(GREEN M-TEBS) (Northcross Townhomes), Series 2020 
 
This Continuing Disclosure Agreement, dated as of April 1, 2020 (this “Continuing Disclosure Agreement”), 
is executed and delivered by Northcross Preservation, L.P., a N ew York limited partnership (the “Borrower”), and 
U.S. Bank National Association, as dissemination agent (the “Di ssemination Agent”).  The above-captioned bonds 
(the “Bonds”) are being issued pursuant to an Indenture of Trust, dated as of April 1, 2020 (the “Indenture”), between 
INLIVIAN (the “Issuer”) and U.S. Bank National Association (the  “Trustee”).  Pursuant to the Indenture and 
Financing Agreement, dated as of April 1, 2020, among the Issue r, the Trustee and the Borrower (the “Financing 
Agreement”), the Dissemination Agent and the Borrower covenant and agree as follows:  
Section 1.  Purpose of this Continuing Disclosure Agreement.  This Continuing Disclosure Agreement is 
being executed and delivered by the Borrower and the Dissemination Agent for the benefit of the holders of the Bonds 
and in order to assist the Participating Underwriter in complying with the Rule (defined below).  The Borrower and 
the Dissemination Agent acknowledge that the Issuer has underta ken no responsibility with respect to any reports, 
notices or disclosures provided or required under this Continui ng Disclosure Agreement, and has no liability to any 
person, including any holder of the Bonds or Beneficial Owner, with respect to any such reports, notices or disclosures. 
Section 2.  Definitions.  In addition to the definitions set forth in the Indenture, which apply to any capitalized 
term used in this Continuing Disclosure Agreement unless otherwise defined in this Section, the following capitalized 
terms shall have the following meanings: 
“Annual Report” shall mean any Annual Report provided by the Borrower pursuan t to, and as described in, 
Sections 3 and 4 of this Continuing Disclosure Agreement and Exhibit A hereto. 
“Audited Financial Statements” means, in the case of the Borrower, the annual audited financ ial statements 
prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, if any. 
“Beneficial Owner” shall mean any person which (a) has the power, directly or indirectly, to vote or consent 
with respect to, or to dispose of ownership of, any Bonds (incl uding persons holding Bonds through nominees, 
depositories or other intermediaries), or (b) is treated as the owner of any Bonds for federal income tax purposes. 
“Disclosure Representative” shall mean the administrator of the Project or his or her designee, or such other 
person as the Borrower shall designate in writing to the Dissemination Agent from time to time. 
“Dissemination Agent” shall mean U.S. Bank National Association, acting in its capa city as Dissemination 
Agent hereunder, or any successor Dissemination Agent designate d in writing by the Borrower and which has filed 
with the Trustee a written acceptance of such designation. 
“Listed Events” shall mean any of the events listed in Section 5(a) of this Continuing Disclosure Agreement. 
“MSRB” means the Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board established pursuant to Section 15B(b)(1) of the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934.  All documents provided to the  MSRB shall be in an electronic format and 
accompanied by identifying inform ation, as prescribed by the MS RB.  Initially, all document submissions to the 
MSRB pursuant to this Continuing Disclosure Agreement shall use the MSRB’s Electronic Municipal Market Access 
(EMMA) system at www.emma.msrb.org. 
“Participating Underwriter” means Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, and its successors and assigns.  
G-2 
“Rule” means Rule 15c2-12(b)(5) adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934, as the same may be amended from time to time. 
Section 3.  Provision of Annual Reports .  (a)  The Borrower will, or will cause the Dissemination Agen t 
to, not later than 180 days following the end of the Borrower’s fiscal year, commencing with the fiscal year ending on 
December 31, 2020, provide to the MSRB an Annual Report which i s consistent with the requirements described 
below.  No later than 15 Business Days prior to said date, the Borrower will provide the Annual Report to the 
Dissemination Agent and the Trustee (if the Trustee is not the Dissemination Agent).  In each case, the Annual Report 
may be submitted as a single document or as separate documents comprising a package and may cross reference other 
information, provided that the audited financial statements for  the prior calendar year of the Borrower may be 
submitted separately from the balance of the Annual Report. 
(b) If by 15 Business Days prior to the date specified in subse ction (a) for providing the Annual Report 
to the MSRB, the Dissemination Agent has not received a copy of  the Annual Report, the Dissemination Agent will 
contact the Disclosure Representative to determine if the Borrower is in compliance with subsection (a). 
(c) If the Dissemination Agent is unable to verify that an Annu al Report has been provided to the MSRB 
by the date required in subsection (a), the Dissemination Agent will send in a timely manner a notice to the MSRB in 
substantially the form attached as Exhibit B to this Continuing Disclosure Agreement. 
(d) The Dissemination Agent will file a report with the Borrowe r and (if the Dissemination Agent is not 
the Trustee) the Trustee certifying that the Annual Report has been provided pursuant to this Continuing Disclosure 
Agreement, stating the date it was provided. 
Section 4.  Conten t of Annual Reports .  The Borrower’s Annual Report will contain or incorporate by 
reference the following: 
Financial information with respect to the Project, provided at least annually, of the type included in Exhibit 
A hereto, which Annual Report may, but is not required to, include Audited Financial Statements.  If the Borrower’s 
Audited Financial Statements are not available by the time the Annual Report is required to be filed, the Annual Report 
will contain unaudited financial statements in a format similar to the financial statements contained in the final Official 
Statement, and the Audited Financial Statements will be filed i n the same manner as the Annual Report when and if 
they become available. 
Any or all of the items listed above may be incorporated by ref erence from other documents, including 
official statements of debt issues with respect to which the Borrower is an “Obligated Person” (as defined by the Rule), 
which have been filed with the MSRB.  The Borrower will clearly identify each such other document so incorporated 
by reference. 
Each annual report subm itted hereunder shall be in readable por table document format (“PDF”) or other 
acceptable electronic form. 
Section 5.  Reporting of Listed Events .  (a)  This Section 5 shall govern the giving of notices of th e 
occurrence of any of the following events (each, a “Listed Event”): 
(i) Principal and interest  payment delinquencies; 
(ii) Non-payment related  defaults, if material; 
(iii) Unscheduled draws on debt s ervice reserves reflecting financial difficulty; 
(iv) Unscheduled draws on credit enhancements reflecting financ ial difficulty; 
(v) Substitution of credit or liquidity providers, or their fai lure to perform;  
G-3 
(vi) Adverse tax opinions, the issuance by the Internal Revenue  Service of proposed or final 
determinations of taxability, Notices of Proposed Issue (IRS Fo rm 5701-TEB) or other material notices or 
determinations with respect to the tax status of the Bonds, or other material events affecting the tax status of 
the Bonds; 
(vii) Modifications to rights of holders of the Bonds, if mater ial; 
(viii) Bond calls, if material, and tender offers; 
(ix) Defeasances; 
(x) Release, substitution or sale of property securing repayment of the Bonds, if material; 
(xi) Rating changes;  
(xii) Bankruptcy, insolvency, r eceivership or similar event of the Borrower.  For purposes of 
this clause (xii), any such event shall be considered to have o ccurred when any of the following occur: the 
appointment of a receiver, fiscal agent or similar officer for the Borrower in a proceeding under the U.S. 
Bankruptcy Code or in any other proceeding under state or feder al law in which a court or governmental 
authority has assumed jurisdiction over substantially all of the assets or business of the Borrower, or the entry 
of an order confirming a plan of reorganization, arrangement or liquidation by a court or governmental 
authority having supervision or jurisdiction over substantially all of the assets or business of the Borrower;   
(xiii) The consummation of a merger, consolidation, or acquisit ion involving the Borrower or 
the sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Borrower, other than in the ordinary course of business, 
the entry into a definitive agreement to undertake such an action or the termination of a definitive agreement 
relating to any such actions, other than pursuant to its terms, if material; 
(xiv) Appointment of  a successor or additional trustee or paying agent or the change of the name 
of a trustee or paying agent, if material; 
(xv) Incurrence of a financial obligation of the Borrower, if m aterial, or agreement to covenants, 
events of default, remedies, priority rights, or other similar terms of a financial obligation of the Borrower, 
any of which affect security holders, if material; and 
(xvi) Default, event of accelerat ion, termination event, modifi cation of terms, or other similar 
events under the terms of the financial obligation of the Borrower, any of which reflect financial difficulties. 
For purposes of clauses (xv) and (xvi) of this Section 5(a), “financial obligation” is as contemplated 
by Exchange Act Release No. 34-83885; File No. S7-01-17 (the “Adopting Release”). 
(b) The Dissemination Agent shall, within three (3) Business Days of obtaining actual knowledge of 
the occurrence of any potential Listed Event, pursuant to subsection (c) of this Section 5 or otherwise, provide the 
Disclosure Representative with notice (by facsimile transmissio n confirmed by telephone or by email).  While the 
Dissemination Agent is also the Trustee, the Dissemination Agent shall be deemed to have actual knowledge of those 
items listed in clauses (i), ( iii) (solely with respect to fund s held by the Trustee), (iv), (v ), (vii), (viii), (ix), (x) and  
(xiv) above without the Dissemination Agent having received notice of such event.  While the Dissemination Agent 
is not also the Trustee, the Dissemination Agent shall not be deemed to have actual knowledge of any items listed in 
clauses (i) - (xiv) above without the Dissemination Agent’s having received written notice of such event. For purposes 
of providing notice to the Disclosure Representative, the Disse mination Agent shall assume that the unscheduled 
draws described in clauses (iii) and (iv) reflect financial difficulty. 
(c) Whenever the Borrower obtains knowledge of the occurrence o f a potential Listed Event, the 
Borrower shall, within five (5) Business Days of obtaining such  knowledge and in any event no more than eight (8) 
Business Days after the occurrence of such event, determine if such event is in fact a Listed Event that is required by  
G-4 
the Rule to be disclosed and provide the Dissemination Agent with notice and instructions pursuant to subsections (d) 
below.   
(d) If the Borrower has determined that a Listed Event is requi red to be disclosed then the Borrower 
shall prepare a written notice describing the Listed Event and provide the same to the Dissemination Agent along with 
instructions to file the same pursuant to subsection (e) below. 
(e) If the Dissemination Agent has been provided with a written  n o t i c e  d e s c r i b i n g  a  L i s t e d  E v e n t  
pursuant to subsection (c) of this Section 5 or otherwise,  and  is instructed by the Borrower to report the occurrence 
of such Listed Event, the Dissemination Agent shall, within two (2) Business Days of its receipt of such written notice 
and in any event no more than ten (10) Business Days after the occurrence of the Listed Event, file the notice with the 
MSRB and send a copy to the Borrower.   
Section 6.  Amendment; Waiver .  Notwithstanding any other provision of this Continuing Discl osure 
Agreement, the Borrower and the Dissemination Agent may amend t his Continuing Disclosure Agreement (and the 
Dissemination Agent will agree to any amendment so requested by  the Borrower unless such amendment adversely 
affects its rights, duties, protections, immunities, indemnities or standard of care, as determined by the Dissemination 
Agent) and any provision of this Continuing Disclosure Agreemen t may be waived, provided that the following 
conditions are satisfied: 
(a) If the amendment or waiver relates to the provisions descri bed under paragraph (a) under “Provision 
of Annual Reports,” “Contents of Annual Reports” or paragraph (a) under “Reporting of Listed Events,” it may only 
be made in connection with a change in circumstances that arises from a change in legal requirements, change in law 
or change in the identity, nature or status of an Obligated Person (as defined in the Rule) with respect to the Bonds or 
the type of business conducted; 
(b) The undertaking, as amended or taking into account such wai ver, would, in the opinion of nationally 
recognized bond counsel, have complied with the requirements of the Rule at the time of the original issuance of the 
B o n d s ,  a f t e r  t a k i n g  i n t o  a c c o u n t  a n y  a m e n d m e n t s  o r  i n t e r p r e t a t ions of the Rule, as well as any change in 
circumstances; and 
(c) The amendment or waiver eith er (i) is approved by the Holders of the Bonds in the same manner as 
provided in the Indenture for amendments to the Indenture with the consent of Holders or (ii) does not, in the opinion 
of nationally recognized bond counsel, materially impair the in terests of the Holders or Beneficial Owners of the 
Bonds. 
In the event of any amendment or waiver of a provision of this Continuing Disclosure Agreement, the 
Borrower will describe such amendment in the next Annual Report  and will include, as applicable, a narrative 
explanation of the reason for the amendment or waiver and its i mpact on the type (or, in the case of a change of 
accounting principles, on the presentation) of financial information being presented by the Borrower.  In addition, if 
the amendment relates to the accounting principles to be followed in preparing financial statements, (i) notice of such 
change will be given in the same manner as for a Listed Event u nder Section 5(f) hereof and (ii) the Annual Report 
for the year in which the change is made should present a compa rison (in narrative form and also, if feasible, in 
quantitative form) between the financial statements as prepared  on the basis of the new accounting principles and 
those prepared on the basis of the former accounting principles. 
Section 7.  Default .  In the event of a failure of the Borrower or the Disseminati on Agent to comply with 
any provision of this Continuing Disclosure Agreement, and such  failure to comply continues beyond a period of 
thirty (30) days following written notice to the Borrower, the Borrower or any Holder or Beneficial Owner of the 
Bonds may, take such actions as may be necessary and appropriat e, including seeking, or specific performance by 
court order, to cause the Borrower or the Dissemination Agent, as the case may be, to comply with its obligations 
under this Continuing Disclosure Agreement.  A default under th is Continuing Disclosure Agreement will not be 
deemed an Event of Default under the Indenture or the Financing  A g r e e m e n t ,  a n d  t h e  s o l e  r e m e d y  u n d e r  t h i s  
Continuing Disclosure Agreement in the event of any failure of the Borrower or the Dissemination Agent to comply 
with this Continuing Disclosure Agreement will be an action to compel performance.  
G-5 
Section 8.  Beneficiaries .  This Continuing Disclosure Agreement will inure solely to th e benefit of the 
Borrower, the Dissemination Agent, the Participating Underwrite r and Holders from time to time of the Bonds and 
will create no rights in any other person or entity. 
Section 9.  Additional Information.  Nothing in this Continuing Disclosure Agreement shall be deemed to 
prevent the Borrower from disseminating any other information, using the means of dissemination set forth in this 
Continuing Disclosure Agreement or any other means of communica tion, or including any other information in any 
Annual Report or noti ce of occurrence of a Listed Event, in addition to that which is required by this Continuing 
D i s c l o s u r e  A g r e e m e n t .   I f  t h e  B o r r o w e r  c h o o s e s  t o  i n c l u d e  a n y  information in any Annual Report or notice of 
occurrence of a Listed Event, in addition to that which is spec ifically required by this Continuing Disclosure 
Agreement, the Borrower shall have no obligation under this Con tinuing Disclosure Agreement to update such 
information or include it in any future Annual Report or notice of occurrence of a Listed Event. 
Section 10.  Duties, Immunities and Liabilities of Dissemination Agent. 
(a) The Dissemination Agent shall have only such duties as are specifically set forth in this Continuing 
Disclosure Agreement.  The Dissemination Agent’s obligation to deliver the information at the times and with the 
contents described herein shall be limited to the extent the Bo rrower has provided such information to the 
Dissemination Agent as required by this Continuing Disclosure Agreement.  The Dissemination Agent shall have no 
duty with respect to the content of any disclosures or notice m ade pursuant to the terms hereof.  The Dissemination 
Agent shall have no duty or obligation to review or verify any information, disclosures or notices provided to it by the 
Borrower and shall not be deemed to be acting in any fiduciary capacity for the Issuer, the Holders of the Bonds or 
any other party.  The Dissemination Agent shall have no respons ibility for the Borrower’s failure to report to the 
Dissemination Agent a Notice Event or a duty to determine the m ateriality thereof.  The Dissemination Agent shall 
have no duty to determine, or liability for failing to determine ,  w h e t h e r  t h e  B o r r o w e r  h a s  c o m p l i e d  w i t h  t h i s  
Continuing Disclosure Agreement.  The Dissemination Agent may c onclusively rely upon Certifications of the 
Borrower at all times. 
The obligations of the Borrower under this Section shall surviv e resignation or removal of the Dissemination Agent 
and defeasance, redemption or payment of the Bonds. 
(b) The Dissemination Agent may, from time to time, consult wit h legal counsel (either in-house or 
external) of its own choosing in the event of any disagreement or controversy, or question or doubt as to the 
construction of any of the provisions hereof or its respective duties hereunder, and shall not incur any liability and 
shall be fully protected in acting in good faith upon the advice of such legal counsel.  The reasonable fees and expenses 
of such counsel shall be payable by the Borrower. 
(c) All documents, reports, notices, statements, information an d other materials provided to the MSRB 
under this Agreement shall be provided in an electronic format and accompanied by identifying information as 
prescribed by the MSRB. 
Section 11.  Notices.  All notices, requests, demands or other communications to or  upon the respective 
parties hereto shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when delivered personally or by mail (including 
overnight and electronic mail) to the party to which such notice, request, demand or other communication is required 
or permitted to be given or made under this Continuing Disclosure Agreement and addressed as set forth below: 
 If to the Borrower: 
 
  Northcross Pres ervation, L.P. 
  c/o Related Companies 
60 Columbus Circle, 18th Floor 
New York, NY 10023 
Attention:  Matthew Finkle 
Email:  mfinkle@related.com  
G-6 
 
  With a copy to:  
 
   L e v i t t  &  B o c c i o ,  L L P  
423 West 55th Street, 8th Floor 
New York, NY 10019 
Attention:  David Boccio 
Email:  dboccio@levittboccio.com 
 
 If to the Dissemination Agent: 
 
  U.S. Bank National Association 
214 N. Tryon Street, 27th Floor 
Charlotte, NC 28202 
Attention: Corporate Trust 
Email:  paul.vaden@usbank.com 
  
Section 12.  Governing Law.  This Continuing Disclosure Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the 
State of North Carolina. 
Section 13.  Termination of this Continuing Disclosure Agreement.  The Borrower or the Dissemination 
Agent may terminate this Continuing Disclosure Agreement by giving written notice to the other party at least 30 days 
prior to such termination.  The Dissemination Agent shall be fu lly discharged at the time any such termination is 
effective.  The Borrower’s and the Dissemination Agent’s obliga tions under this Continuing Disclosure Agreement 
shall terminate upon the legal defeasance, prior redemption or payment in full of all of the Bonds.  If such termination 
occurs prior to the final maturity of the Bonds, the Borrower shall give notice of such termination in a filing with the 
MSRB. 
Section 14.  Counterparts.  This Continuing Disclosure Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, 
each of which shall be an original and all of which shall constitute but one and the same instrument. 
 
 
[Remainder of page intentionally left blank] 
   
G-7 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Continu ing Disclosure Agreement to be 
executed by their duly authorized representatives as of the date set forth above. 
 
 
NORTHCROSS PRESERVATION, L.P., 
a New York limited partnership 
 
By: Northcross Preservation GP, LLC, 
a New York limited liability company, 
its general partner 
 
 
 
B y :         
Matthew Finkle 
Vice President 
 
 
 
 
[Signatures continue on following page] 
   
G-8 
[Dissemination Agent’s Signature Page to Continuing Disclosure Agreement] 
 
 
U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,  
as Dissemination Agent 
 
 
 
B y :         
  Authorized Officer 
 
 
  
G-9 
EXHIBIT A 
 
ANNUAL REPORT 
 
 
$13,500,000 
INLIVIAN  
Multifamily Green Tax-Exempt Mortgage-backed Bonds  
(GREEN M-TEBS) (Northcross Townhomes), Series 2020 
CUSIP:  
Report for Period Ending ____________ 
THE PROJECT 
 
Name:   Northcross Townhomes 
 
Address: 1801-1835 Griers Grove Road, Charlotte, NC 28216 
 
Number of Units:  99 
 
Number of Units Occupied as of Report Date:  ________________________ [(excluding ___ manager’s units)] 
 
OPERATING HISTORY OF THE PROJECT 
 
The following table sets forth a summary of the operating results of the Project for fiscal year ended ___________, as 
derived from the Borrower’s [un]audited financial statements. 
Revenues 
Operating Expenses
1 
Net Operating Income 
Debt Service on the Bonds 
Net Operating Income/(Loss) 
After Debt Service 
 
The average physical occupancy of the Project for the fiscal year ended [___] was [___]% and the average economic 
occupancy of the Project for the fiscal year ended [___] was [___]%. 
__________________________ 
1Excludes depreciation and other non-cash expenses, includes management fee. 
 
 
   
G-10 
EXHIBIT B  
 
NOTICE OF FAILURE TO 
FILE ANNUAL DISCLOSURE REPORT 
 
 
Name of Issuer:  INLIVIAN  
 
Name of Issue: Multifamily Green  Tax-Exempt Mortgage-backed Bonds (GREEN M-TEBS) (Northcross 
Townhomes), Series 2020 
 
Name of Borrower: Northcross Preservation, L.P. 
 
CUSIP: 45753CAA5 
 
Date of Issuance:   April 15, 2020 
 
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the above-referenced borrower (the “Borrower”) has not provided an 
Annual Report with respect to th e above-named Bonds as required  by its Continuing Disclosure Agreement.  The 
undersigned has been informed by the Borrower that it anticipates that Annual Report will be filed by _____________. 
DATED:______________ 
 
U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,  
as Dissemination Agent 
  
  
 
B y :           
Authorized Officer 
 
 
cc: Borrower 
  
H-1 
APPENDIX H 
TERM SHEET 
This Term Sheet assumes the  related Mortgage Loan is originated in an amount equal to the maximum amount 
available under the Lender Commitment and that all the co nditions to delivery of the MBS have been satisfied and 
have not been waived or modified.  See “Multifamily Schedule of Loan Information” herein. 
 
$13,500,000 
CLOSING DATE: April 15, 2020 
INLIVIAN 
Multifamily Green Tax-Exempt Mortgage-Backed Bonds  
(GREEN M-TEBS) (Northcross Townhomes), Series 2020 
 
FANNIE MAE MULTIFAMILY POOL NUMBER BL6589 
BOND CUSIP 45753CAA5 
 
 
POOL STATISTICS (AS OF CLOSING DATE) 
 
  
TAX-EXEMPT BOND ISSUE INFORMATION 
(Information provided by Issuer for this Official Statement) 
BOND ISSUER NAME INLIVIAN (“Issuer”) 
BOND ISSUE SERIES Multifamily Gre en Tax-Exempt Mortgage-Backed Bonds 
(GREEN M-TEBS) (Northcross Townhomes), Series 2020 
BOND ISSUE PAR $13,500,000 
BOND DATED DATE April 1, 2020 
BOND MATURITY DATE May 1, 2037 
BOND ISSUE TAX STATUS See “TAX MATTERS” in the Official Statement. 
BOND ISSUE CUSIP 45753CAA5 
COLLATERAL FOR THE BOND ISSUE Fannie Mae DUS MBS (see pool info below) 
BOND ISSUE CREDIT RATING Moody’s “Aaa” 
BOND CLOSING DATE April 15, 2020 
BOND PAYMENT DATES One business day later than payment on under lying Fannie 
Mae MBS1 
BOND FIRST PAYMENT DATE May 26, 2020 
BOND FIRST PRINCIPAL PAYMENT DATE June 26, 2020 
BOND FINAL PAYMENT DATE The Business Day after the MBS payment is received on May 
25, 2037, or, if such day is not a Business Day, the next 
Business Day 
ALL OTHER BOND ISSUE TERMS Same as underlying MBS 
                                                           
1 There shall be no further accrual of interest from the Bond Maturity Date to the to the date on which the final payment is received with respect to 
the Bonds.  Because of this lag in payment of principal and interest inherent in the payment terms of the Bonds and the one Bu siness Day lag in 
payment, the effective yield on the Bonds will be lower than the Bond Net Pass-Through Rate on the Bonds.  
H-2 
BOND PREPAYMENT TERMS See “DESCRIPTION OF TH E BONDS – Mandatory  
Redemption of Bonds” in the Official Statement. 
BOND NET PASS THROUGH RATE 2.55% 
BOND OFFERING PRICE  100% 
BOND UNDERWRITER COMPENSATION $101,250.00 
BOND UNDERWRITER Wells Fargo Bank, National Association 
MANDATORY REDEMPTION OF BONDS See “THE BONDS – Mandatory Redemption of Bonds” in the 
Official Statement. 
OPTIONAL REDEMPTION OF BONDS The Bonds are not subject to optional redemption. 
BOND EXCHANGE FEATURE See “DESCRIPTION OF THE BONDS – Optional Exchange 
of Bonds for MBS” in the Official Statement. 
M B S  D E L I V E R Y  D A T E  D E A D L I N E  J u n e  2 5 ,  2 0 2 0 ,  o r ,  i f  s u c h  d a y  i s  n ot a Business Day, the 
following Business Day, which may be extended in 
accordance with terms of the Indenture 
BOND TRUSTEE U.S. Bank National Association 
BOND REMAINING TERM TO MATURITY From the Closing Date to May 1, 2037 
WEIGHTED AVERAGE LIFE 14.7 years 
  
UNDERLYING FANNIE MAE POOL STATISTICS (AS OF ISSUE DATE) 
(Information provided by Lender for this Official Statement) 
NOTE RATE 3.71% 
ISSUANCE PASS-THROUGH RATE 2.55% 
POOL ISSUANCE UPB $13,500,000 
MAXIMUM ISSUANCE UPB $13,500,000 
POOL MATURITY DATE May 1, 2037 
EXPECTED MBS DELIVERY DATE May 13, 2020 
WEIGHTED AVERAGE ORIGINAL LOAN TERM 
(MONTHS) 
17 years (204 months) 
REMAINING TERM TO MATURITY From the Closing Date to May 1, 2037 
NUMBER OF LOANS 1 
POOL SECURITY FUNDS TRANSFER TYPE Fed Wire 
TRANSACTION TYPE DUS 
POOL FIRST PAYMENT DATE 25th day of the month following the month in which the MBS 
is delivered, or the following Business Day if such day is not 
a Business Day 
POOL FINAL PAYMENT DATE May 25, 2037, or the following Business  Day if such day is 
not a Business Day 
SECURITY TYPE Fannie Mae MBS 
SELLER NAME Wells Fargo Bank, National Association 
SERVICER NAME Wells Fargo Bank, National Association 
POOL NUMBER BL6589 
% OF INITIAL POOL BALANCE 100% 
POOL PREFIX HY 
  
H-3 
MULTIFAMILY SCHEDULE OF LOAN INFORMATION  
(Information provided by Lender for this Official Statement) 
FANNIE MAE LOAN NUMBER 820118104 
LOAN MATURITY DATE May 1, 2037 
TIER 2 
TIER DROP ELIGIBLE No 
LIEN PRIORITY First 
WEIGHTED AVERAGE LTV 88.82% 
WEIGHTED AVERAGE ISSUANCE UW NCF 
DSCR(x) 
1.18x 
BALLOON Yes 
OTHER DEBT No 
ORIGINAL UPB $13,500,000 
ISSUANCE UPB $13,500,000 
ISSUANCE UPB/UNIT $136,364 
PREPAYMENT PREMIUM OPTION Yield Maintenance – CMT as defined in  the Fannie Mae 
Multifamily MBS Prospectus 
PREPAYMENT PREMIUM TERM Fannie Mae yield maintenance premium fr om Closing Date 
through April 30, 2030 (120 months). 2 T h e r e a f t e r ,  a  1 %  
prepayment penalty shall apply through April 30, 2035 (60 
months).
3  Thereafter, no prepayment premium shall apply. 
PREPAYMENT PREMIUM END DATE April 30, 2030 (YM); April 30, 2035 (1%) 
FIRST LOAN PAYMENT DATE June 1, 2020 
ORIGINAL TERM (MONTHS) 204 months 
WEIGHTED AVERAGE AMORTIZATION TERM 
(MONTHS) 
35 years (420 months)  
INTEREST TYPE Fixed 
INTEREST ACCRUAL METHOD Actual/360 
INTEREST ONLY END DATE N/A 
INTEREST ONLY TERM (MONTHS) N/A 
NOTE DATE April 15, 2020 
WEIGHTED AVERAGE ACCRUING NOTE RATE 
(%) 
3.71% 
LOAN PURPOSE Acquisition/Rehabilitation 
ISSUANCE NOTE RATE (%) 3.71% 
MONTHLY DEBT SERVICE $57,449.17 
MONTHLY DEBT SERVICE AMOUNT PARTIAL IO N/A 
GREEN REWARDS? Yes 
 
                                                           
2 A portion of this prepayment premium, if collected, may be shar ed with Certficateholders under the circumstances described in “YIELD, 
MATURITY AND PREPAYMENT CONSIDER ATIONS—Maturity and Prepayment Considerations—Prepayment of a Mortgage Loan—
Prepayment Premiums” in the Fannie Mae MBS Prospectus. 
3 No portion of this prepayment premium, if collected, will be shared with Certificateholders under any circumstances as is described in “YIELD, 
MATURITY AND PREPAYMENT CONSIDERATIONS—Maturity and Prepayment Considerations—Prepayment of a Mortgage 
Loan—Prepayment Premiums” in the Fannie Mae MBS Prospectus.  
H-4 
COLLATERAL INFORMATION 
(Information provided by Lender for this Official Statement) 
LOAN NUMBER 820118104 
PROPERTY ID TBD 
PROPERTY NAME Northcross Townhomes 
PROPERTY STREET ADDRESS 1835 Griers Grove Road 
PROPERTY CITY Charlotte 
PROPERTY STATE North Carolina 
PROPERTY ZIP CODE 28216 
PROPERTY COUNTY Mecklenburg 
MSA Charlotte–Concord–Gastonia 
YEAR BUILT 1972 
PHYSICAL OCCUPANCY 98% as of December 31, 2019 
UNDERWRITTEN ECONOMIC OCCUPANCY 95%  
MAXIMUM PASS-THROUGH RATE 2.55% 
MINIMUM PASS-THROUGH RATE 2.55% 
REMAINING AMORTIZATION TERM 420 months  
ISSUANCE LTV 88.82%, which LTV is based on an 
underwritten value 
ALL-IN ISSUANCE LTV 88.82%, which LTV is based on an 
underwritten value  
UNDERWRITTEN EFFECTIVE GROSS INCOME $1,449,074 
UNDERWRITTEN TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES $613,895, including annua l replacement reserves 
UNDERWRITTEN REPLACEMENT RESERVES $350 per unit per year 
UW NCF ($) $835,179 
CROSS-COLLATERALIZED (Y/N) N 
CROSS-DEFAULTED (Y/N) N 
GENERAL PROPERTY TYPE Multifamily 
SPECIFIC PROPERTY TYPE Multifamily residential 
LAND OWNERSHIP RIGHTS Fee Simple 
PROPERTY VALUE $15,200,000 as-renovated stabilized (appraisal dated as of 
February 10, 2020) 
SEISMIC RISK The Project meets any Fannie Mae tests that require any 
mitigants for seismic risk. 
TERRORISM INSURANCE COVERAGE (Y/N) Y 
TOTAL NUMBER OF UNITS 99 
AFFORDABLE HOUSING TYPE Low Income Housing Tax Credit (“LIHTC”) (99 units) 
TAXES CURRENTLY ESCROWED Yes 
PROPERTY OWNER Northcross Preservation, L.P. 
SPONSOR The Related Companies, L.P. 
PROPERTY MANAGER TRG Management Company, LLP  
H-5 
PROPERTY MANAGER EXPERIENCE The Property Manager currently mana ges and will continue 
to manage the Project following the rehabilitation of the 
Project by the Borrower.  The Property is an affiliate of the 
Borrower.  The Property Manager presently manages 
approximately over 80 properties, including over 10,000 
affordable housing units in multiple states.  The Property 
Manager has nearly 40 years of experience managing 
affordable housing supported by various federal, state and 
local subsidies including HUD, tax-exempt obligations and 
federal low-income housing tax credits. 
UNIT OF MEASURE Units 
MULTIFAMILY SCHEDULE OF LOAN INFORMATION 
CRA INFORMATION 
(Information provided by Borrower for this Official Statement) 
UNITS AT OR BELOW 50% OF MEDIAN INCOME Tenant income not to exc eed 60% Area Median Income on 
average across all units (See “The Project Regulation” 
Section of the Official Statement for more detail 
UNITS AT OR BELOW 60% OF MEDIAN INCOME Tenant income not to exc eed 60% Area Median Income on 
average across all units (See “The Project Regulation” 
Section of the Official Statement for more detail 
UNITS WITH INCOME OR RENT RESTRICTION % 100% (99 units) 
AGE RESTRICTED INDICATOR No 
TAX ABATEMENT No 
TAX CREDIT INVESTOR Wells Fargo Affordable Housing Community De velopment 
Corporation 
REGULATORY AGREEMENTS OVERSEER INLIVIAN 
REGULATORY AGREEMENT SET-ASIDES Under the Regulatory Agreement, the Borrower will agree 
that, at all times during the Qualified Project Period (as 
defined in the Regulatory Agreement), the Borrower will 
rent at least 40% of the units in the project to persons whose 
adjusted family income (determined in accordance with the 
provisions of the Code) is less than 60% of AMI (adjusted 
for family size). 
 
In addition to the rental restrictions imposed upon the Project 
by the Regulatory Agreement, the Project will be further 
encumbered by a tax credit restrictive covenant, to be 
executed by the Borrower in connection with LIHTC that is 
anticipated to be granted for t he Project and in compliance 
with Section 42 of the Code.  It is anticipated that 100% of 
the residential units in the Project will be restricted under 
Section 42 of the Code. 
 
The Project will utilize the income averaging provisions of 
the Code to create a mix of income restrictions up to 80% of 
the AMI such that the average is at or below 60% of AMI for 
each unit type.  The number of units at the various income 
levels may change from time to time, but the Project intends 
to remain in compliance with the income averaging limit 
average.   
H-6 
LIHTC LOW INCOME HOUSING TAX CREDIT 
ELIGIBILITY 
The Project has applied for and received 4% LIHTC in the 
State of North Carolina, which requires a certain amount of 
rehabilitation and limits the income of the tenants to families 
making up to 80% of AMI such that the average is at or 
below 60% of AMI for each unit type.  The Project must have 
tax-exempt financing for over 50% of project cost in order to 
be eligible for LIHTC.  
I-1 
APPENDIX I 
PROPOSED FORM OF OPINION OF BOND COUNSEL 
Set forth below is the proposed form of opinion of McGuireWoods LLP, Bond Counsel, regarding the Bonds.  
It is preliminary and subject to change prior to delivery of the Bonds. 
April 15, 2020 
INLIVIAN 
Charlotte, North Carolina 
 
$13,500,000 
INLIVIAN 
Multifamily Green Tax-Exempt Mortgage-Backed Bonds (GREEN M-TEBS) 
(Northcross Townhomes), Series 2020 
Ladies and Gentlemen: 
We have served as Bond Counsel in connection with the issuance and sale by INLIVIAN (the “Issuer”) of 
its $13,500,000 Multifamily Green Tax-Exempt Mortgage-Backed Bo nds (GREEN M-TEBS) (Northcross 
Townhomes), Series 2020, dated the date hereof (the “Bonds”).  The Bonds have been issued pursuant to the Housing 
Authorities Law (Article 1 of Chapter 157 of the General Statut es of North Carolina), as amended (the “Act”), and 
pursuant to the terms of the Indenture of Trust dated as of April 1, 2020 (the “Indenture”), between the Issuer and U.S. 
Bank National Association, as tr ustee (the “Trustee”).  Unless otherwise defined, each capitalized term used in this 
opinion shall have the meaning given it in the Indenture. 
We have examined the Constitution of the State of North Carolina and the laws of both the United States and 
the State of North Carolina including, without limitation, the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the 
“Code”), and the Act, and such ce rtified proceedings and other documents of the Issuer as we deem necessary to 
render this opinion, including the resolutions adopted by the Issuer on March 17, 2020, authorizing the issuance of the 
Bonds. 
The proceeds of the Bonds will be  loaned to Northcross Preserva tion, L.P. (the “Borrower”) under the 
Financing Agreement dated as of April 1, 2020 (the “Financing Agreement”), among the Issuer, the Borrower and the 
Trustee, for the purpose of financing a portion of the cost of the acquisition, rehabilitation and equipping of a 99-unit 
multifamily housing development known as Northcross Townhomes ( the “Project”) and located in the City of 
Charlotte, North Carolina (the “City”).  The use and operation of the Project are subject to the provisions of a 
Regulatory Agreement and Declara tion of Restrictive Covenants dated as of April 1, 2020 (the “Regulatory 
Agreement”), among the Borrower, the Issuer and the Trustee.  T he Regulatory Agreement requires, among other 
things, that the Project be operated as a “qualified residential rental project” within the meaning of and for the period 
required by Section 142(d) of the Code. 
Under the Financing Agreement, the Borrower has agreed to make payments to be used to pay the principal 
of, premium, if any, and interest on the Bonds, and such payments and other revenues under the Financing Agreement 
(collectively, the “Revenues”) and the rights of the Issuer und er the Financing Agreement (except for the Reserved 
Rights of the Issuer) are pledged and assigned by the Issuer as  security for the Bonds.  Payments with respect to the 
principal of and interest on the Bonds are payable solely from the Revenues. 
As to questions of fact material to our opinion, we have relied  upon:  (a) representations of and compliance 
with covenants by the Borrower and the Issuer contained in the Financing Agreement, the Regulatory Agreement, the 
Tax Certificate and the Indenture; (b) certificates of public o fficials furnished to us; and (c) certificates of 
representatives of the Borrower, the Issuer and other parties, including, without limitation, representations, covenants 
and certifications as to the use, expenditure and investment of  the proceeds of the Bonds, the use of the Project as a 
“qualified residential rental project” for a “qualified project  period,” compliance with the arbitrage reporting and 
rebate requirements, the average reasonably expected economic l ife of the property being financed with the Bonds  
I-2 
and other factual matters which are relevant to the opinions ex pressed in numbered paragraph 4 below.  We have 
assumed that all signatures on documents, certificates and inst ruments examined by us are genuine, all documents, 
certificates and instruments submitted to us as originals are authentic and all documents, certificates and instruments 
submitted to us as copies conform to the originals.  In addition, we have assumed that all documents, certificates and 
instruments relating to this financing have been duly authorize d, executed and delivered by all of their parties other 
than the Issuer, and we have further assumed the due organizati on, existence and powers of such other parties other 
than the Issuer. 
Reference is made to the opinions of Levitt & Boccio, LLP and W illiams Mullen LLP, counsel to the 
Borrower, dated today, as to, among other things, the due autho rization, execution and delivery of the Financing 
Documents and related documents by the Borrower and the enforce ability of such documents against the Borrower, 
upon which you are relying as to matters therein. 
Based on the foregoing, we are of the opinion that: 
1. The Issuer is validly organized and existing under North Car olina law and has the power to execute 
and deliver the Financing Documents to which it is a party, to perform the agreements on its part contained in the 
Financing Documents to which it is a party, to issue the Bonds and to apply the proceeds from the issuance and sale 
of the Bonds as set forth in the Indenture. 
2. The Bonds have been duly author ized, executed and delivered in accordance with the Indenture and 
the Act and, subject to the exceptions set forth below, are valid and binding limited obligations of the Issuer payable 
solely from the Revenues and other property specifically pledge d for such purpose under the Indenture.  The Bonds 
do not create or constitute a debt or a pledge of the faith and  credit of the State of North Carolina or any political 
subdivision thereof, including without limitation, the City or the Issuer. 
3. The Financing Documents to which the Issuer is a party have been duly authorized, executed and 
delivered by the Issuer and, subject to the exceptions set fort h below, constitute valid and binding obligations of the 
Issuer, enforceable against the Issuer in accordance with their respective terms. 
4. Under current law, interest on the Bonds (a) is excludable f rom gross income for purposes of federal 
income taxation (except during any period while a Bond is held by a “substantial user” of the Project or a “related 
person” within the meaning of Section 147(a) of the Code) and (b) is not treated as a tax preference item in calculating 
the alternative minimum income tax imposed under the Code.  The opinions set forth in this paragraph are subject to 
compliance by the Issuer and the Borrower with all of the requirements of the Code that must be satisfied after the 
issuance of the Bonds so that the interest on them is, or continues to be, excluded from gross income for federal income 
tax purposes.  Each of the Issuer and the Borrower has covenant ed to comply with these requirements.  Failure to 
comply with certain of these requirements may cause the inclusion of interest on the Bonds in gross income for federal 
income tax purposes to be retroactive to the date of issuance o f the Bonds.  We express no opinion regarding other 
federal tax consequences arising with respect to the Bonds. 
This opinion letter speaks as of its date, is based on current legal authority and precedent, covers certain 
matters not directly addressed by such authority and precedent, and represents our judgment as to the proper treatment 
of interest on the Bonds for federal income tax purposes.  This opinion letter does not contain or provide any opinion 
or assurance regarding the future activities of the Issuer and the Borrower or about the effect of future changes in the 
Code, the applicable regulations, the interpretation thereof or the enforcement thereof by the Internal Revenue Service.  
The Issuer and the Borrower have covenanted, however, to comply with the requirements of the Code. 
5. Interest on the Bonds is not subject to taxation as income b y the State of North Carolina. 
The enforceability of the Bonds and the Financing Documents is subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, 
reorganization, moratorium, and similar laws now or hereafter in effect affecting creditors’ rights, and is also subject 
to the exercise of judicial discretion in accordance with general principles of equity.  
I-3 
Our services as Bond Counsel have been limited to rendering the  foregoing opinion based on our review of 
such legal proceedings as we deem necessary to approve the validity of the Bonds and the tax status of the interest on 
them.  The foregoing opinion is in no respect an opinion as to the Issuer’s or Borrower’s business or financial resources 
or their ability to provide for the payment of the Bonds or the accuracy or completeness of any information that anyone 
may have relied upon in making the decision to purchase the Bonds. 
This opinion is delivered solely for the benefit of the address ees hereof.  It may not be relied upon by any 
other person, in whole or in part, without our prior written co nsent.  This opinion is given as of the date hereof, and 
we assume no obligation to revise or supplement this opinion to reflect any facts or circumstances that may hereafter 
come to our attention, or any changes in law that may hereafter occur. 
      V e r y  t r u l y  yours, [THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 