Use of Proceeds 
Purpose 
The proceeds from the sale of the Obligations  will be used to finance  capital projects  and equipment, to 
refinance outstanding loans  so that the City  can restructure annual debt service requirements , and to pay the 
costs of issuance of the Obligations.   
 
2013B Obligations. A portion of the p roceeds from the sale of the 2013B Obligations will be used to refinance a 
loan agreement the City executed with the Oregon Econo mic and Community Development Department 
(currently the Infrastructure Finance Authority) through its Special Public Works Loan Program (the “OECDD 
Loan”) pursuant to a resolution originally adopted by the City Council on September 2, 2003 .  The OECDD 
Loan is being repaid from the Genera l Fund, and was issued to fund  public facilities master planning, fiscal 
investigations, and other related preliminary planning activities for public water, sanitary sewer, stormwater, 
transportation, and parks system in the Springwater area.  
Refunded OECDD Loan 
 
Project 
 
Final Amendment Date 
Original  
Loan Amount 
Amount 
Refunded 
OECDD Special Public Works Loan December 23, 2003 $   795,000 $   590,363 
Source: The City. 
 
Proceeds from the sale of the 2013B Obligations will  also be used to purchase three fire engines , fund the 
replacement of the roof on the Public Safety Building , purchase other police and fire equipment , and pay the 
costs of issuing the 2013B Obligations. 
 
2013C Obligations. Proceeds from the sale of the 20 13C Obligations will be used to  finance the replacement of 
approximately 8,000 high pressure sodium vapor streetlights with more energy -efficient light emitting diode  
(LED) streetlights along with replacement of older poles, and pay the costs of issuing th e 2013C  Obligations.  
The City anticipates the savings generated from the streetlight improvements will cover the 2013C Financing 
Payments.  
7 
Sources and Uses of Funds 
The proceeds of the Obligations are estimated to be applied as follows:  
Estimated Sources and Uses of Funds 
 
 
 
Security for the Obligations 
Full Faith and Credit Pledge 
Each series of the Obligations evidence and represent undivided proportionate ownership interests in the 
installment payments of principal and interest due (the “Financing Pay ments”) from the City under the 
corresponding Financing Agreement.  Each  Financing Agreement  obligates the City to make the Financing 
Payments from any lawfully available funds of the City, including any property taxes levied by and for the 
City within the restrictions of Sections 11 and 11b, Article XI of the Constitution of the State of Oregon.   The 
City has pledged its full faith and credit and its taxing power to make the Financing Payments and the 
obligation of the City to make the Financing Payments is not subject to appropriation.  
 
The Owners of the Obligations do not have a lien on or security interest in any revenues or other property of  
the City. The Obligations do not constitute a debt or indebtedness of Multnomah County, the State of Oregon, 
or any political subdivision thereof other than the City.