Use of Proceeds criteria are guided by the requirement that an issuer of a Green Bond must use the 
funds raised to finance eligible activities. The eligible activities should produce clear environmental 
benefits and may include renewable energy, energy efficiency, sustainable waste management, 
sustainable land use, biodiversity conservation, clean transportation, and clean water and/or 
drinking water. 
• Principle Two, Process for Project Evaluation and Selection 
As described in the Gap, the Process for Project Evaluation and Selection criteria are guided by the 
requirements that an issuer of a Green Bond should "outline the decision-making process it follows to 
determine the eligibility of an individual investment using Green Bond proceeds." 
• Principle Three, Management of Proceeds 
As described in the GBP, the Management of Proceeds . . criteria are guided by the requirements that a 
Green Bond should be "moved to a sub-portfolio or otherwise tracked by the issuer and attested by a 
formal internal process that will be linked to the issuer's lending and investment operations for 
projects." 
• Principle Four, Reporting 
The Reporting criteria are guided by the recommendation that at least annual reporting by the bond 
issuers should be made ofthe use of bond proceeds, and that quantitative and/or qualitative E-2
PAGE 2 
OCTOBER 15, 2014 
performance indicators should be used, where feasible (for example, reductions in greenhouse gas 
emissions or pounds of pollutants removed). 
The work undertakeR to form our opinion included the following: 
• Development and review of conceptual designs for stormwater, combined sewer overflow, and 
wastewater treatment plant green projects that were included in the City's ICWP, all of which are 
centered on providing clean water and/or drinking water. 
• Development of a process to evaluate and select projects for inclusion in the City's ICWP. This process 
included consideration for each proposed project's lifecycle cost, environmental benefits, social 
benefits, and operational benefits . 
• Estimations of pollutant load reductions due to the implementation of the recommended projects 
included in the City's ICWP, which are expected to remove significant amounts of pollutants on an 
annual basis, as demonstrated in the following table: 
. . , .. : .. . . 
Total Phosphorus 121,900 pounds/year 
Fecal Coliform 897,000 billion CFU/year 
Total Suspended Solids 1,455,000 pounds/year 
Total Zinc 1,070 pounds/year 
PCBs 29 grams/year 
CFU = colony forming unit 
PCB = polych lorinated biphenyl 
• Development of a post-construct ion monitoring plan that the City will use to measure and report the 
environmental benefits to its regulatory agencies due to the implementation of the projects 
recommended in the City's ICWP. 
Findings and CH2M HILL's Opinion 
Based on CH2M HILL's involvement in developing the ICWP, including the development and review of green 
projects, development of an evaluation process to select projects, estimation of pollutant loads, and 
development of a post-construction monitoring plan for reporting to its regulatory agencies, it is 
CH2M HILL's opinion that the City of Spokane's Green Bond is in alignment with the Green Bond Principles. 
A thorough documentation of the findings and work undertaken to form our opinion is included in the ICWP. 
Sincerely, 
CH2M HILL 
~~~{ 
Jennifer Price 
Program Manager 
CH2M HILL E-3
PAGE 3 
OCTOBER 15, 2014 
About CH2M HILL 
CH2M HILL was founded in Corvallis, Oregon, in 1946, and has maintained a strong, 
constant Pacific Northwest presence ever since. As the only engineering firm of our 
type and size to be 100 percent employee-owned and consistently listed as a best 
place to work in the United States (2003, 2006, 2008, 2009, 2011, and 2013), 
CH2M HILL employee owners are incentivized to deliver the highest quality services to 
~ WORLD'S MOST , .. 
.-4 ETHICAL 2 COMPANIES" 
WWW.ETHISPHERE.COM 
our clients and develop long-term partnerships. Our exceedingly low employee turnover rate provides 
clients long-term staff stability and continuity. We are also proud to have been recognized by the Ethisphere 
Institute as one of the World's Most Ethical Companies for the sixth year (2009,2010,2011,2012,2013, 
and 2014). This award recognizes CH2M HILL's implementation of best practices in business ethics and 
corporate social responsibility.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[This page intentionally left blank.] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[This page intentionally left blank.] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[This page intentionally left blank.]CITY OF SPOKANE, WASHINGTON • WATER AND WASTEWATER SYSTEM REVENUE BONDS, 2014 (GREEN BONDS)