PLAN OF REFUNDING 
General 
A portion of the proceeds of the 2015 Bonds, together with othe r available funds of the City,  will 
be used to refund all of the Refunded Bonds.  To accomplish the  refunding of the Refunded Bonds, a 
portion of the proceeds from the sale of the 2015 Bonds, togeth er with other available funds of the City, 
will be deposited with The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Compan y, N.A., as escrow agent (the 
“Escrow Agent”), in trust pursuant to the terms and conditions of an Escrow Agreement, to be dated as of 
June 1, 2015 (the “Escrow Agreeme nt”), between the City and the  Escrow Agent.  Funds on deposit with 
the Escrow Agent will be used to purchase certain Federal Secur ities (as defined in the Escrow 
Agreement) maturing at times and in amounts sufficient to provi de funds, together with funds deposited 
with the Escrow Agent and remaining uninvested, to (a) pay the interest on the Refunded Bonds to their 
respective redemption dates, (b) redeem on August 1, 2015 all o f the 2005 Bonds constituting Refunded 
Bonds maturing on and after August 1, 2016 at a redemption pric e equal to 100% of the principal amount 
of such Refunded Bonds and (c) re deem on August 1, 2017 all of the 2007 Bonds constituting Refunded 
Bonds maturing on and after August 1, 2018 at a redemption pric e equal to 100% of the principal amount 
of such Refunded Bonds.  Upon the execution of the Escrow Agreement and the deposit of funds with the 
Escrow Agent as described above, the Refunded Bonds will no lon ger be Outstanding or secured by the 
Indenture, but will be payable solely from, and secured solely by, such Federal Securities, cash and other 
monies which are deposited, or may be deposited from time to ti me, in the escrow fund held under the 
Escrow Agreement. 
Green Projects 
The Refunded Bonds financed and re financed certain water projec ts (the “Green Projects”) the 
City has deemed to serve an environmental benefit within the fr amework of the Green Bond Principles, a 
set of voluntary process guidelines developed by a consortium o f investment banks, issuers and investors 
relating to the issuance of obligations that finance or refinan ce projects that serve environmentally 
beneficial purposes.  The total amount of the Refunded Bonds or iginally dedicated to the Green Projects 
was approximately $74,605,000.  All of the proceeds of the 2015  Bonds (except for proceeds used to pay 
costs of issuance) will be used to refinance the Green Projects. 
The Green Projects financed and refinanced by the Refunded Bond s are highlighted by category 
below: 
Limit/Eliminate System Water Loss.  Galvanized and asbestos wat er pipes have been replaced 
with ductile iron pipes throughout the Water System.  Ductile i ron pipe is made from 100% recycled  
10 
ferritic scrap, itself a 100% recyclable material, and is desig ned to last well over 100 years.  Ductile iron 
pipe resists damage during handling and installation, is strong  enough to withstand severe conditions such 
as high pressure or a heavy load, and is resistant to corrosion  – which combine to limit leaks and reduce 
water loss.  The metallic nature of the pipe limits catastrophi c leaks and makes the pipe easier to find.  
Rare leaks can be repaired in-place using an adhesive sleeve an d without removing an entire section or 
length of pipe. 
Increase Water Transmission Efficiency. Storage tanks, energy e fficient pump stations, and 
correctly-sized water lines were installed or upgraded througho ut the Water System to enhance water 
transmission efficiency.  The City also replaced old and instal led additional new valves to more 
efficiently control and route wa ter flow.  These upgrades have both increased flow capacity and lowered 
pumping costs leading to significant energy savings.  In additi on, the new water tanks were constructed 
using the glass-fused-to-steel process.  These tanks require si gnificantly less maintenance, never require 
painting, have a longer lifetime than welded or concrete tanks, and resist corrosion. 
Limit/Reduce Contaminants via Water Treatment Process.  The Mil ls River Regional Water 
Treatment Facility was constructed and uses ozone in the treatm ent process.  The many environmental 
benefits to ozone systems include  disinfection at rates faster than chlorine, inactivation of viruses, 
removal of iron and manganese, and control of tastes and odors. 
Enhance Watershed Management.  A new spillway at the William De Bruhl Treatment Plant was 
constructed to serve as a combin ed principal and emergency spil lway.  It was constructed to dissipate 
water energy that can lead to scouring and erosion along the sp illway and at the base of the dam.  This 
spillway provides for the ability  to regulate allowable dischar ge, enhance dam integrity and prevent 
downstream flooding. 
Improve Water Emergency Response Plans.  Power generators were purchased and installed 
throughout the Water System to ensure the system is fully funct ional in the event of a power loss.  In 
addition, redundant major transmission lines were constructed a nd/or buried at convergance points to 
limit potential system impairment due to weather, sabotage and/or other destructive events.  
The purpose of designating the 2015 Bonds as “Green Bonds” is t o allow investors to invest 
directly in bonds which finance or refinance environmentally-su stainable projects.  The proceeds of the 
Refunded Bonds used to finance or refinance the Green Projects have been spent and construction of the 
Green Projects has been completed.  On a voluntary basis, the C ity plans to post periodic updates on its 
website, http://www.ashevillenc.gov, regarding the environmental sustainability of the Water System. 
The holders of the 2015 Bonds do not assume any specific risk r elated to any of the Green 
Projects.  The terms “Green Projects” and “Green Bonds” are nei ther defined in, nor related to the 
Indenture or the Series Indenture, and their use in this Offici al Statement is for identification purposes 
only and is not intended to provide or to imply that any holder  of the 2015 Bonds is entitled to any 
additional security other than as provided in the Indenture and the Series Indenture.