Use of Proceeds 
The 2017 Bonds are being issued to fund: (i) various capital im provements, including street and 
sidewalk improvements in the vicinity of the transit building ( the “Salesforce Transit Center,” formerly 
known as the Transbay Transit Center) and the development and improvement of adjacent open space, (ii) 
the planning, design, engineering and construction of the Train  Box (as defined herein), (iii) the planning, 
design, engineering and construc tion of transit center’s roofto p park (“Salesforce Park,” formerly known 
as the Rooftop Park; as defined herein), (iv) a debt service reserve fund (the “Reserve Fund”), (v) capitalized 
interest for a portion of the interest on the 2017 Bonds, and ( vi) costs of issuance, all as further described 
herein. See “THE FINANCING PLAN” herein.    
 2 
The District 
The District currently consists of approximately 13.3 gross acr es located in downtown San 
Francisco immediately south of Market Street near the City’s ne w Salesforce Transit Center, designed to 
be a hub of transit connections serving regional commuters. At the time it established the District, the City 
also established a larger future annexation area (the “Future Annexation Area”) for the District; the benefit 
of a future annexation area is that properties can annex into the District with fewer procedural requirements 
that would otherwise be required under the Act. 
In general, Special Taxes (defined  herein) can only be levied o n a property within the District if: 
(i) the property is a “Conditioned Project,” as defined in the Rate and Method; (ii) a Certificate of 
Occupancy (defined herein) has been issued for the property; and (iii) a Tax Commencement Authorization 
(defined herein) for the property has been executed by the City ’s Director of the Office of Public Finance.  
See APPENDIX B – “AMENDED RATE AND METHOD OF APPORTIONMENT OF SPECIAL TAX” 
hereto.  A Conditioned Project is a Development Project that is required to participate in funding Authorized 
Facilities (as defined in the Rate and Method) through the Dist rict because it received a zoning bonus to 
exceed the height and floor-to-area ratios that would have othe rwise been applicable under the City’s 
Planning Code.  See “THE DISTRICT” herein. 
Currently, only three Conditioned Projects in the District have received a Certificate of Occupancy 
and a Tax Commencement Authorization: 350 Mission Street, also known as “Salesforce East;” 299 
Fremont Street, also known as “Block 6” or “Solaire;” and 415 M ission Street, also known as “Salesforce 
Tower” (collectively, the “Taxable Buildings (Subject Propertie s)”). See “SPECIAL RISK FACTORS – 
Concentration of Property Ownership” herein. 
In addition to the Taxable Buildings (Subject Properties), ther e are currently eight Conditioned 
Projects in the District and four Conditioned Projects in the Future Annexation Area planned for residential, 
commercial or mixed use that may become subject to the Special Tax as Taxable Buildings. There may also 
be future additional projects within the District that became C onditioned Projects.  No assurance can be 
provided that any particular pr operty will be annexed into the District, become a Conditioned Project and 
become a Taxable Building required to pay Special Taxes. 
The 2017 Bonds 
The 2017 Bonds will be issued in denominations of $5,000 or any  integral multiple in excess 
thereof, shall mature on September 1 in each of the years and i n the amounts, and shall bear interest as 
shown on the inside front cover hereof.  Interest on the 2017 B onds shall be payable on each March 1 and 
September 1, commencing March 1, 2018 (the “Interest Payment Da tes”) to the Owner thereof as of the 
Record Date (as defined herein) immediately preceding each such Interest Payment Date, by check mailed 
on such Interest Payment Date or by wire transfer to an account in the United States of America made upon 
instructions of any Owner of $1,000,000 or more in aggregate pr incipal amount of 2017 Bonds delivered 
to the Fiscal Agent prior to the applicable Record Date.  The 2 017 Bonds, when issued, will be registered 
in the name of Cede & Co., as nominee of The Depository Trust Company, New York, New York (“DTC”).  
DTC will act as securities depository of the 2017 Bonds.  Indiv idual purchases of the 2017 Bonds will be 
made in book-entry form only.  Principal of and interest and pr emium, if any, on the 2017 Bonds will be 
payable by DTC through the DTC participants.  See “THE 2017 BON DS - Book-Entry System” herein.  
Purchasers of the 2017 Bonds will not receive physical delivery of the 2017 Bonds purchased by them.  
 3 
“Green Bond” Designation 
The City is designating the 2017B Bonds as “Green Bonds” (also known as “Climate Bonds”).  The 
purpose of designating the 2017B Bonds as Green Bonds is to all ow investors to invest directly in bonds 
which finance environmentally beneficial projects (“Green Projects”). The particular capital improvements 
that the City has defined as “Green Projects” in connection wit h the 2017B Bonds are part of the 
development of the Salesforce Transit Center and its related fa cilities, including the Train Box and 
Salesforce Park (each as defined herein). The City will undertake reasonable efforts to ensure that any 
adjustment of capital expenditures or other actions ta ken with respect to the 2 017B Bonds will not result 
in revision or withdrawal of the Climate Bonds In itiative (the “CBI”) certification described herein; 
however, there can be no guarantee that such adjustmen t or other action or a future revision to the CBI’s 
criteria for certifying bonds will not result in a withdrawal or revision of the CBI’s certification. See “THE 
BONDS – 2017B Bonds Designated as Green Bonds” herein. 
Security for the Bonds 
The Bonds are secured by the pledge of Special Tax Revenues and  all moneys deposited in the 
Bond Fund and, until disbursed as provided in the Fiscal Agent Agreement, in the Special Tax Fund.  
“Special Tax Revenues” means th e proceeds of the Special Taxes received by the City, including any 
scheduled payments thereof and any Special Tax Prepayments, int erest thereon and proceeds of the 
redemption or sale of property sold as a result of foreclosure of the lien of the Special Taxes to the amount 
of said lien and interest thereon, but shall not include any interest in excess of the interest due on the Bonds 
or any penalties collected in connection with any such foreclosure. “Special Taxes” means the special taxes 
levied by the Board of Supervisors within the District under th e Act, the Ordinance and the Fiscal Agent 
Agreement. “Special Tax Prepayments” means the proceeds of any Special Tax prepayments received by 
the City, as calculated pursuant to the Rate and Method, less any administrative fees or penalties collected 
as part of any such prepayment. See “SECURITY FOR THE BONDS – General” herein. 
See the section of this Official Statement captioned “SPECIAL RISK FACTORS” for a discussion 
of certain risk factors which should be considered, in addition  to the other matters set forth herein, in 
evaluating the investment quality of the 2017 Bonds. 
Reserve Fund 
The City, on behalf of the District, has established the Reserv e Fund for the 2017 Bonds pursuant 
to the Fiscal Agent Agreement to be funded at the Reserve Requirement (defined below). See “SECURITY 
FOR THE BONDS – Reserve Fund” herein. 
Foreclosure Covenant 
The City, on behalf of the District, has covenanted for the benefit of the owners of the Bonds that, 
under certain circumstances described herein, the City will commence judicial foreclosure proceedings with 
respect to delinquent Special Taxes on property within the Dist rict, and will diligently pursue such 
proceedings to completion. See “SECURITY FOR THE BONDS – The Sp ecial Taxes” and “SECURITY 
FOR THE BONDS – Covenant for Superior Court Foreclosure” herein. 
   
 4 
Teeter Plan 
The District is currently on the City’s “Teeter Plan.”  See “SECURITY FOR THE BONDS – Teeter 
Plan” herein. Under the Teeter Plan, the City will maintain a tax loss reserve fund for the purpose of paying 
each taxing agency 100% of the amounts of secured taxes (includ ing the Special Taxes of the District) 
levied on the tax bill irrespective of any delinquent taxes.   
Limited Obligations 
The 2017 Bonds are limited obligations of the City, secured by and payable solely from the Special 
Tax Revenues and the funds pledged therefor under th e Fiscal Agent Agreement. The 2017 Bonds are not 
payable from any other source of funds other than Special Tax Revenues and the funds pledged therefor 
under the Fiscal Agent Agreement. The General Fund of the City is not liable for the payment of the 
principal of or interest on the 2017 Bonds, and neither th e credit nor the taxing pow er of the City (except 
to the limited extent set forth in the Fiscal Agent Agreem ent) or of the State of California or any political 
subdivision thereof is pledged to the payment of the 2017 Bonds. 
Further Information 
Brief descriptions of the 2017 Bonds, the security for the Bond s, special risk factors, the District, 
the City and other information are included in this Official St atement.  Such descriptions and information 
do not purport to be comprehensive or definitive. The descripti ons herein of the 2017 Bonds, the Fiscal 
Agent Agreement, resolutions and other documents are qualified in their entirety by reference to the forms 
thereof and the information with respect thereto included in th e 2017 Bonds, the Fiscal Agent Agreement, 
such resolutions and other documents.  All such descriptions ar e further qualified in their entirety by 
reference to laws and to principles of equity relating to or affecting generally the enforcement of creditors’ 
rights.  For definitions of certain capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined, and a description 
of certain terms relating to the 2017 Bonds, see APPENDIX C – “ SUMMARY OF CERTAIN 
PROVISIONS OF THE FISCAL AGENT AGREEMENT” hereto.