USE OF PROCEEDS
Sources and Uses of Funds
The City estimates the following sources and uses of funds in connection with the sale of the
Series 2016 Bonds:11
Sources
Principal Amount of Series 2016 Bonds $437,025,000
Original Issue Premium 80,822,922
Release of Prior Debt Service and Reserve Funds 37,835,352
Total Sources $555,683,274
Uses
Refunding Escrow Cash Deposit $ 69,895,120
Federal Securities Purchases 483,267,712
Costs of Issuance1 2,520,442
Total Uses $555,683,274
____________________
1 Includes underwriting discount, legal, printing, accounting, financial advisory fees and rounding amount.
The Series 2016 Refunding Project
The net proceeds of the Series 2016 Bonds, together with certain other legally available funds, are
to be applied after delivery of the Series 2016 Bonds to the payment and discharge of the Refunding
Obligations, pursuant to a Refunding Escrow Agreement (the “Escrow Agreement”) dated as of August 1,
2016 between the City and UMB Bank, n.a. (the “Escrow Bank”). Under the Escrow Agreement the
Escrow Bank is directed to prepay the principal and accrued interest on the CWCB Loan on August 23,
2016, and to pay in the ordinary course and call for redemption on August 1, 2017 and August 1, 2018,
respectively, the refunded Series 2007A and Series 2008A Bonds.
The funds held by the Escrow Bank pursuant to the Escrow Agreement (the “Refunding Escrow
Account”) are required to be held, pending their use to pay the Refunded Obligations, in cash, direct
obligations of or obligations unconditionally guaranteed as to principal and interest by the United States
of America (“Federal Securities”). The Owners of the Series 2016 Bonds will have no claim to the assets
of the Refunding Escrow Account.
The accuracy of computations indicating that the Refunding Escrow Account is sufficient to
make the required payments in connection with the Refunded Obligations will be verified by a firm of
certified public accounts. See “VERIFICATION OF CERTAIN CALCULATIONS.”
THE CITY
Currently the third largest municipality in Colorado, the City was founded in 1891 as an
unincorporated community and was incorporated on May 5, 1903 as the Town of Fletcher. In 1907, the
Town Council changed the name to “Aurora.” The Council-Manager form of government was adopted
by the City in 1954, and the 11 members of the City Council (including a full-time Mayor, who is elected
specifically for that position) are chosen biennially for staggered four-year terms in non-partisan
elections. The Mayor serves as the presiding officer at all meetings of the Council and is not entitled to
vote upon any resolution or ordinance unless it is to create or break a tie vote. A Mayor Pro Tem is
elected by the Council to serve in the absence of the Mayor. In 1961, the City became a home rule city by
adopting its own Charter pursuant to Article XX of the Constitution of the State. The City is a
full-service local government and owns Aurora Water. For more detailed information concerning the
City, its government, growth and development and the local economy, see “Appendix D—GENERAL
INFORMATION CONCERNING THE CITY.” While the City has other sources of revenue, the Series
2016 Bonds are not secured by any funds or revenues of the City other than the Net Pledged Revenues.12
AURORA WATER
Aurora Water was organized to operate the City’s municipal water system (the “System”), as well
as its sanitary sewer system and the storm drainage system (together with the System, “Aurora Water”),
on a fully self-supporting basis as a City owned business. The Council is the governing body of Aurora
Water. Only the net revenues of the Water System are included in the Net Pledged Revenues and the
Series 2016 Bonds are not secured by any pledge of sewer system or storm drainage system revenues.
Aurora Water, under the administration of the Director of Aurora Water, has approximately 430
full time equivalent employees and is responsible for the operation and maintenance of all water, sanitary
sewer, reclaimed effluent and storm drainage facilities owned by the City. Aurora Water has two major
functional divisions, Water and Wastewater. The Water Division is engaged in developing, protecting,
operating, maintaining and expanding the System for the benefit of users within the City and limited
service areas outside the City. Funds of the System are maintained in accounts separate from funds of the
Wastewater Division. The Wastewater Division is further divided into the Sanitary Sewer and Storm
Drainage operating divisions. An Administration Division provides administrative oversight for the
entire department. Other divisions provide financial and customer billing, plan review and connection
application, capital projects, public information and conservation, and resource acquisition and quality
control functions.
Principal Officials
Aurora Water operates under the supervision of the Director of Aurora Water. Following is a
description of the principal Aurora Water officials involved in the management of the System. See
“Appendix D—GENERAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE CITY—City Management” for
information concerning key elected and appointed officials of the City government.
Marshall Brown, Director of Aurora Water (the “Director”), has been employed with the City
since 2012. Mr. Brown has more than 20 years of experience in the water industry. He began in the
private sector, where he gained significant technical expertise on water resource evaluation and
development, feasibility studies, groundwater modeling and groundwater characterization and
remediation. Mr. Brown was previously the head of the water utility in Scottsdale, Arizona. During his
time with Aurora and Scottsdale, two industry leading utilities, Mr. Brown has had the opportunity to
plan, manage and direct activities to position each organization for sustainable futures. Mr. Brown
received a Bachelor of Science degree from Brigham Young University in Geological Engineering and a
Master of Science degree from the University of Arizona in Geophysical and Geological Engineering.
Alexandra Davis, Water Resources Manager, has been employed with the City since 2015. Ms.
Davis has spent almost 20 years in the water resources field. She started at the Colorado Attorney
General’s office representing Natural Resource agencies and the State Engineer in Colorado Water Court.
She spent a year as a Special U.S. Attorney representing Department of Interior agencies on water issues.
While at the Colorado Department of Natural Resources (the “DNR”), she served as the Assistant
Director for Water and the Director of the Inter Basin Compact Committee. There, she was responsible
for implementing the Governor’s and the DNR Director’s agendas, creating and implementing statewide
water policy, and aiding the Department agencies with water-related issues, policies and projects. As
Assistant Director for Water, she served on a number of influential boards and committees including the
Upper Colorado River Commission, the Colorado Ground Water Commission, Colorado Water
Conservation Board, Western States Water Council, Governor Ritter’s South Platte Task Force, and the
Colorado Supreme Court Water Rules Committee. After a short stint in private law practice, Ms. Davis
returned to the State as the Colorado Parks and Wildlife Water Resources Manager and from there came
to Aurora Water. Ms. Davis has a Bachelor of Arts degree from Pitzer College, majoring in Psychology13
and Organizational Psychology and a Juris Doctorate degree from the University of Colorado. Ms. Davis
also spent a year in Japan studying International Studies at Waseda University.
Dan Mikesell, Deputy Director of Water Operations and Environmental Programs, has been
employed with the City since 1981. Mr. Mikesell has 35 years of experience in the water industry.
During that time, he has held the positions of Interim Director, Deputy Director of Operations &
Engineering, Manager of Operations, Water Services Manager and Customer Service Superintendent, all
with the City. He currently serves as a member of the Homestake Steering Committee and the
Aurora/Colorado Springs Joint Water Authority, as well as the Metropolitan Wastewater Reclamation
District Board of Directors. Mr. Mikesell has an Associate of Applied Science degree in Management.
Jo Ann Giddings , Deputy Director of Water Financial Administration, has been employed with
the City since 2005. Ms. Giddings has over 13 years of experience in government finance at the city and
county level. Ms. Giddings’ experience at the City includes working in the City finance department as
well as the finance office of Aurora Water. In addition to working for the City and Arapahoe County, Ms.
Giddings also worked for a public accounting firm performing audits mainly for governmental entities. In
addition to the city, county and audit experience, Ms. Giddings also has experience in commercial
banking. Ms. Giddings received a Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting from Regis University and
is a certified public accountant licensed in the State of Colorado.
Kelley Neumann, Deputy Director of Water Planning & Engineering, has been employed with
the City since 2015. Ms. Neumann has over thirty years of engineering and water-related experience.
Prior to joining the City, Ms. Neumann spent over twenty years with the San Antonio Water System
where she began as an Operations Engineer and worked her way up to Senior Vice President – Strategic
Resources. In addition, Ms. Neumann gained water-related experience while on active duty with the U.S.
Army Corps of Engineers. Ms. Neumann has a Bachelor of Science degree in Civil Engineering from the
University of Texas, a Master of Public Administration degree from the University of Texas San Antonio,
and is a licensed professional engineer in Colorado and Texas.
Employee Pension Plan. Employees of Aurora Water are employees of the City and as such are
covered under the City’s pension and post-employment benefits policies and plans. The City’s pension
policies and plans are described in Appendix D hereto. See “Appendix D—GENERAL INFORMATION
CONCERNING THE CITY—Employees; Unions and Labor Relations–Employee Pension Plans.”
Designation and Character of the
Enterprise for Purposes of TABOR
To facilitate compliance with certain provisions of Article X, Section 20 of the Colorado
Constitution (“TABOR”) described under the caption “CONSTITUTIONAL LIMITATIONS ON
TAXES, REVENUES, BORROWING AND SPENDING,” the Council enacted the Enterprise
Ordinance, confirming the existence of Aurora Water (including both the Water and Sewer Systems) as
an “enterprise” for purposes of TABOR. TABOR defines an “enterprise” as a government owned
business authorized to issue its own revenue bonds and receiving less than 10% of its annual revenue in
grants from all State and local governments combined. In the 12 months ended December 31, 2015,
Aurora Water did not receive any material portion of its total revenues in grants from the State or its
political subdivisions, including the City. Total revenues for that period, including development fees,
were $212,228,843 ($139,138,097 of which were water system revenues and $73,090,746 of which were
wastewater and storm drainage system revenues). Because total revenues for this purpose include items
such as development fees, which are not treated as operating revenues for financial reporting purposes,
these amounts are higher than the revenue figures reflected in Tables XIV and XV.14
The City has made no covenant in the Bond Ordinance or the Enterprise Ordinance that it will
continue to maintain Aurora Water as an “enterprise” under TABOR beyond the current fiscal year. A
future failure of Aurora Water to qualify as an “enterprise” for purposes of TABOR would not affect the
validity of the Series 2016 Bonds or the right and obligation of the City to increase fees and charges when
required by the Bond Ordinance, but the absence of continuing spe