use of proceeds of the Bonds and (ii) certifications of public officials furnished to us, without 
undertaking to verify them by independent investigation. 
We have assumed that all signatures on documents, certificates and instruments examined 
by us are genuine, all documents, certificates and instruments submitted to us as originals are 
authentic, and all documents, certificates and instruments submitted to us as copies conform to 
the originals.  In addition, we have assumed that all documents, certificates and instruments 
relating to this transaction have been duly authorized, executed, and delivered by all parties to 
them other than the City, and we have further assumed the due organization, existence, and 
powers of all parties other than the City. 
B-1Based on the foregoing, in our opinion, under current law: 
 1. The Bonds have been authorized and issued in accordance with the Constitution 
and laws of the Commonwealth and constitute valid and binding general obligations of the City. 
 2. The City Council of the City has the power and is authorized and required by law 
to levy and collect annually, at the same time and in the same manner as other taxes of the City 
are assessed, levied and collected, a tax upon all taxable property within the City, over and above 
all other taxes authorized or limited by law, and without limitation as to rate or amount, 
sufficient to pay when due the principal of and premium, if any, and interest on the Bonds to the 
extent other funds of the City are not lawfully available and appropriated for such purpose. 
3. Interest on the Bonds is includable in the gross income of the owners of the Bonds 
for federal income tax purposes as required under Section 6431(f)(1)(D) of the Tax Code.  We 
express no opinion regarding any other federal tax consequences with respect to the Bonds. 
4. Interest on the Bonds is excludable from gross income of the owners thereof for 
purposes of income taxation by the Commonwealth.  We express no opinion regarding (i) other 
tax consequences arising with respect to the Bonds under the laws of the Commonwealth or (ii) 
any consequences arising with respect to the Bonds under the tax laws of any state or local 
jurisdiction other than the Commonwealth.   
The rights of the owners of the Bonds and the enforceability of the Bonds are limited by 
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other similar laws affecting creditors' 
rights generally, and by equitable principles, whether considered at law or equity. 
Our services as bond counsel to the City have been limited to rendering the foregoing 
opinion based on our review of such legal proceedings as we deem necessary to opine on the 
validity of the Bonds and the income tax status of the interest on them.  We express no opinion 
as to the accuracy, completeness or sufficiency of any offering material or information that may 
have been relied upon by any owner of the Bonds in making a decision to purchase the Bonds, 
including without limitation the Preliminary Official Statement of the City dated September 21, 
2016, and the Official Statement of the City dated September 27, 2016.  This opinion is given as 
of the date hereof, and we assume no obligation to revise or supplement this opinion to reflect 
any facts or circumstances that may hereafter come to our attention, or any changes in law that 
may hereafter occur. 
Very truly yours,
[To be signed: M
CGUIREWOODS LLP]
B-2APPENDIX C 
FORM OF CONTINUING DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT [This Page Is Intentionally Left Blank.] 
C-1