use of proceeds of the Series 2017 
Bonds, or any other funds of the Board from whatever source derived, to acquire any investment, and it 
will not take or permit to be ta ken any other action, which would cause the Series 2017 Bonds to be 
characterized as “arbitrage bonds” within the meaning of Section 103 and Section 148 of the Code or B-6 
 
which would otherwise cause the interest on the Series 2017 Bonds to no longer be excludible from gross 
income for federal income tax purposes. 
(c) It will pay from time to time all amounts re quired to be rebated to the United States of 
America pursuant to Section 148(f) of the Code a nd any temporary, propo sed, or final Treasury 
Regulations as may be applied to the Series 2017 Bonds from time to time.  The payment of such rebate 
amounts as required by this paragraph supersedes all ot her provisions of the Bond Resolution, including 
the Master Bond Resolution, all prior Supplemental Resolutions and the Series 2017 Supplemental 
Resolution, concerning the deposit and transfer of inter est earnings to or from any other fund or account.  
Moneys set aside to pay such rebate amounts pursuant to this paragraph, whether set aside in the Series 
2017 Bonds Rebate Account or otherwise, are not subj ect to any lien created hereunder for the benefit of 
the Owners.  This covenant is to survive the payment in full or the defeasance of the Series 2017 Bonds. 
(d) The acquisition, construction and installa tion of the Series 2017A Bonds Capital Project 
under the terms and conditions provided for in the Bond Resolution, including the Master Bond 
Resolution, all prior Supplemental Resolutions and the Series 2017 Supplemental Resolution, are 
necessary, convenient, in furtherance of and will at  all times be used in connection with the Board’s 
governmental purposes and functions. 
(e) It will not take or permit to be taken any action that w ould cause the Series 2017 Bonds 
to be characterized as “private activity bonds” within the meaning of Section 141 of the Code, it will take 
all actions within its power and permitted by law th at are or may be necessary to prevent the Series 2017 
Bonds from being characterized as “private activity bonds,” and it will establish reasonable procedures to 
comply with the foregoing covenants.  To this e nd, the Board will not permit more than 10% of the 
proceeds of the Series 2017 Bonds to be used (dir ectly or indirectly) in the trade or business of 
nongovernmental persons in a manner that could cau se the Series 2017 Bonds to be characterized as 
“private activity bonds” within the meaning of the Section 141 of the Code. 
(f) It will take all actions within its power and permitted by law, including complying with 
the provisions of the Series 2017 Bonds Tax Certificate, the Bond Resolution, including the Master Bond 
Resolution, all prior Supplemental Resolutions and the Series 2017 Supplemental Resolution, and all 
applicable requirements of the Code and Treasury Re gulations, to assure that interest on the Series 2017 
Bonds at all times remains excludible from gross income for federal income tax purposes. 
See also “TAX MATTERS.” 
  
C-1 
 
APPENDIX C 
 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE BOARD FOR 2016  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK) II-1 
 
 
 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT 
Board of Water Commissioners 
Denver Water 
Denver, Colorado 
Report on the Financial Statements 
We have audited the accompanying financial statements of the Bo ard of Water Commissioners, City 
and County of Denver, Colorado (the Board), as of and for the y ears ended December 31, 2016 and 
2015, and the related notes to the financial statements, which collectively comprise the Board’s basic 
financial statements as listed in the table of contents. 
Management’s Responsibility for the Financial Statements 
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presenta tion of these financial statements in 
accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America; this includes 
the design, implementation, and maintenance of internal control relevant to the preparation and fair 
presentation of financial statements that are free from materia l misstatement, whether due to fraud or 
error. 
Auditors’ Responsibility 
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. We 
conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards gene rally accepted in the United States of 
America. Those standards require that we plan and perform the a udit to obtain reasonable assurance 
about whether the financial statements are free from material misstatement. 
An audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidenc e about the amounts and disclosures in 
the financial statements. The procedures selected depend on the auditors’ judgment, including the 
assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the financi al statements, whether due to fraud or 
error. In making those risk assessments, the auditor considers internal control relevant to the Board’s 
preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in order to design audit procedures that are 
appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness 
of the Board’s internal control. Accordingly, we express no suc h opinion. An audit also includes 
evaluating the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of significant 
accounting estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the 
financial statements. 
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for 
our audit opinion. 
Opinions 
In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the 
financial position of the Board of Water Commissioners, City an d County of Denver, Colorado as of 
December 31, 2016 and 2015, and the changes in its financial position and its cash flows for the years 
then ended in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of 
America. 
 
CliftonLarsonAllen LLP 
CLAconnect.com 
 
 Board of Water Commissioners 
Denver Water 
II-2 
Other Matters 
Required Supplementary Information 
Accounting principles generally accepted in the United States o f America require that the 
Management’s Discussion and Analysis, Schedule of Changes in Ne t Pension Liability and Related 
Ratios, Schedule of Board Pension Contributions, and Schedule o f OPEB Funding Progress as listed in 
the table of contents be presented to supplement the basic fina ncial statements. Such information, 
although not a part of the basic financial statements, is requi red by the Governmental Accounting 
Standards Board who considers it to be an essential part of fin ancial reporting for placing the basic 
financial statements in an appropriate operational, economic, o r historical context. We have applied 
certain limited procedures to the required supplementary inform ation in accordance with auditing 
standards generally accepted in the United States of America, w hich consisted of inquiries of 
management about the methods of preparing the information and c omparing the information for 
consistency with management’s responses to our inquiries, the b asic financial statements, and other 
knowledge we obtained during our audit of the basic financial s tatements. We do not express an 
opinion or provide any assurance on the information because the  limited procedures do not provide us 
with sufficient evidence to express an opinion or provide any assurance. 
Other Information 
Our audit was conducted for the purpose of forming an opinion o n the financial statements that 
collectively comprise the Board’s basic financial statements. T he Other Supplemental Information and 
the Introductory and the Statistical Sections, as listed in the  table of contents are presented for 
purposes of additional analysis and are not a required part of the basic financial statements. 
The Other Supplemental Information is the responsibility of man agement and was derived from and 
relates directly to the underlying accounting and other records  used to prepare the basic financial 
statements. Such information has been subjected to the auditing  procedures applied in the audit of the 
basic financial statements and certain additional procedures, i ncluding comparing and reconciling such 
information directly to the underlying accounting and other rec ords used to prepare the basic financial 
statements or to the basic financial statements themselves, and  other additional procedures in 
accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the Un ited States of America. In our opinion, 
the Other Supplemental Information is fairly stated, in all mat erial respects, in relation to the basic 
financial statements as a whole. 
The Introductory Section and Statistical Section have not been subjected to the auditing procedures 
applied in the audit of the basic financial statements, and acc ordingly, we do not express an opinion or 
provide any assurance on them. 
a 
CliftonLarsonAllen LLP 
Greenwood Village, Colorado 
April 28, 2017 BOARD OF WATER COMMISSIONERS