use of proceeds of Bonds  and/or CP Notes in the indicated Fiscal Year. See Table 22 hereof for projected debt 
financings and assumptions relating thereto.
(3) Bureau of Sanitation aggressively pursues grant opportunities, however, to be conservative; those grants are not reflected 
until they have been secured. 
(4) Wastewater Service Contracts.
(5) Excludes prior fiscal year’s ending fund balance.  Total may not equal sum of components due to individual rounding. 
FINANCIAL OPERATIONS OF THE WASTEWATER SYSTEM 
Sewer Rates and Revenues 
General.  The City’s user fee system consists of a sewer service charge, industrial wastewater 
surcharge and fees, a sewerage facilities charge, wastewater service contracts and miscellaneous fees, as 
summarized below. The City has approved rates which will increase through Fiscal Year 2021. These 
rates and charges were predicated on assumptions of expected volume of wastewater operations. In 
addition to the foregoing fees and charges, the City recovers the cost of System operations and 
maintenance (including replacement) and a portion of major capital expenditures through federal Clean 
Water and FEMA Grants, interest earnings and miscellaneous revenues. 
/g120 Sewer Service Charge: This charge is based on metered water usage and includes reduced 
rates for low income households and a compensating surcharge for non-low income 
households and commercial customers. Revenues from the sewer service charge 
constitute the largest component of the System’s total operating receipts, having 
comprised over 86.0% of total operating receipts of the System annually from Fiscal Year 
2012 through Fiscal Year 2016.  Revenues from the sewer service charge are anticipated 
to be approximately 80% of Revenues for Fiscal Year 2017. 36
/g120 Wastewater Service Contracts: The wastewater service contracts with the Entities provide 
for cost reimbursement of capital and operation and maintenance expenses.  Revenues 
from WSC operation and maintenance payments are anticipated to be 3.5 percent of 
Revenues for Fiscal Year 2017. 
/g120 Industrial Wastewater Surcharge and Fees : The Quality Surcharge Fee is designed to 
recover the costs related to suspended solids (“SS”) and biochemical oxygen demand 
(“BOD”) strengths above normal or domestic strength values as well as costs for 
administering and maintaining the surcharge program. Industrial Wastewater Permit 
Application Fees are designed to recover the cost required to process permit applications 
for applicable users. Inspection and Control Fees are designed to recover the costs of 
necessary inspections of permitted users. Significant Industrial User fees recover a 
portion of additional costs incurred in the monitoring and inspection of certain industrial 
users subject to EPA categorical pretreatment requirements.  Revenues from industrial 
wastewater surcharge and fees are anticipated to be approximately 3.2 percent of 
estimated Revenues for Fiscal Year 2017. 
/g120 Sewerage Facilities Charge : The Sewerage Facilities Charge (“SFC”) is designed to 
recover the cost of the System capacity required by new sewer connections and increases 
in capacity required by current System users.  Revenues from SFC are anticipated to be 
approximately 2.4 percent of Revenues for Fiscal Year 2017. 
/g120 Miscellaneous Fees: These fees include bonded sewer fees, septage fees, sewer tap fees, 
and other miscellaneous revenue sources. 
Pursuant to the Municipal Code of the City, all revenues derived from these user fees and charges 
are deposited into the SCM Fund and expended “only for sewer and sewage-related purposes, including 
but not limited to industrial waste control and water reclamation purposes.” All interest earnings on 
moneys held in the SCM Fund are retained in the Fund. The methodology for developing the fee 
schedules for the above outlined charges is governed in part by the Municipal Code of the City of Los 
Angeles and the SWRCB, acting on behalf of the United States Environmental Protection Agency (“US 
EPA”). 
While the Municipal Code requires that the income from the fees and charges assessed for sewer 
services equal the overall cost of operation, maintenance, coverage and capital improvements of the 
System, the SWRCB and the US EPA impose additional requirements, relating to cost recovery, on 
specific components of the City’s wastewater income structure. In accordance with State and federal 
guidelines, operation and maintenance costs, including renewal and replacement (“OM&R”), are 
recovered solely from the OM&R component of the sewer service charge, the OM&R component of the 
industrial waste surcharge and inspection and control fees, the OM&R component of the significant 
industrial user fee and the OM&R component of the sewage disposal contract fees. Specific revenue 
calculation requirements and policies for specific components of the City’s sewer charges are described 
below.
Sewer Service Charge . The City currently imposes a Sewer Service Charge (“SSC”) based on a 
rate of $4.51 per 100 cubic feet of wastewater discharged into the System.  As described below, the City 
has adopted a series of annual SSC rate increases effective from April 2012 through Fiscal Year 2021. 
The adopted SSC rate increases are expected to provide approximately $1.7 billion in additional revenues 
over the next ten years to fund additional capital projects and debt financing relating thereto, taking into 
account the most recent projections of billable wastewater volume. The City previously projected $1.7 
billion in additional revenues to fund $2.3 billion in additional capital projects and debt financing for the 37
ten-year period from 2013 to 2023. The decrease in projected revenues and the reduction in capital 
projects reflect reductions in wastewater flow through Fiscal Year 2017 and corresponding adjustments to 
the CIP. It is assumed that there will be no further decrease in wastewater volume due to water 
conservation beginning in Fiscal Year 2017.  See “– Water Usage – General” herein. The SSC is expected 
to provide approximately $527 million in revenue for Fiscal Year 2017. See “Financial Operations of the 
Wastewater System – Projected Statement of Revenues and Expenditures” herein. 
The current SSC rate and the annual SSC rate increases adopted by the City are set forth in the 
following table. 
TABLE 8