the financing plan for the 2017-26 Capital Plan. In the event that any of such sources
are unavailable for any reason, including unavailability of revenues of the Harbor Department, reduction
in the amount or delays in the receipt of federal and State grants available to the Harbor Department or
any other reason, the completion of the 2017-26 Capital Plan could be substantially delayed and financing
costs could be higher than projected. There can be no assurances that such circumstances will not
materially adversely affect the financial condition or operations of the Port.
Market Access Required if Subordinate TIFIA Loan Proceeds are not Disbursed
As of the date of this Official Statement, the Harbor Department is reviewing several options to
pay the principal of the Series 2014C Senior Notes on November 15, 2018, including, among other
options, drawing down the proceeds of the Subordinate TIFIA Loan and/or issuing additional Senior
Bonds and/or additional Subordinate Obligations. See “OUTSTANDING OBLIGATIONS AND DEBT
SERVICE SCHEDULE—Outstanding Subordinate Obligations (Subordinate Revolving Obligations and
Subordinate TIFIA Loan)—Subordinate TIFIA Loan” and “CAPITAL DEVELOPMENT PROGRAM—
2017-26 Capital Plan—Gerald Desmond Bridge Replacement Project.” In the event the conditions to
disbursement of the Subordinate TIFIA Loan cannot be satisfied on or before the maturity date of the
Series 2014C Senior Notes (November 15, 2018) or the Harbor Department decides that drawing down
proceeds from the Subordinate TIFIA Loan is not in its best interest (financial or otherwise), the Harbor
Department will be required to use an alternate method of repaying the Series 2014C Senior Notes, which
could include issuing additional Senior Bonds and/or additional Subordinate Obligations. See
“SECURITY AND SOURCES OF PAYMENT FOR THE SERIES 2017 SENIOR BONDS—Additional
Senior Bonds.” However, no assurances can be given that the City, acting by and through the Board, will
be able to access the capital markets in the event proceeds are not disbursed under the Subordinate TIFIA
Loan.
Future Executive Orders and Federal Laws and Regulations
Since taking office in January 2017, the Trump Administration has issued several executive
orders, and has indicated its intent to initiate additional executive orders, legislation and/or regulations
affecting Federal policy in areas such as immigration, tariffs and trade. As of the date of this Official
Statement, there is insufficient information available about the potential Federal action to estimate the
impacts, if any, on Federal funding to local governments or their operations, including law enforcement,
transportation or other activities.
While enforcement of potential executive orders, laws or regulations could impose additional
financial burdens upon the Harbor Department and/or the tenants of the Port, as of the date of this Official
Statement, insufficient information is available regarding potential Federal action to estimate the
magnitude, if any, of such potential impacts.65
Security at the Port
As a result of the terrorists attacks of September 11, 2001, the Maritime Transportation Security
Act of 2002 (“MTSA”) was signed into law on November 25, 2002 to require sectors of the maritime
industry to implement measures designed to protect the ports and waterways of the U.S. from a terrorist
attack. MTSA requires interagency teamwork within the Department of Homeland Security, including,
the U.S. Coast Guard, the Transportation Security Administration (the “TSA”) and the Bureau of
Customs and Border Protection, and the Department of Transportation’s Maritime Administration to
develop security regulations. The security regulations focus on those sectors of maritime industry that
have a higher risk of involvement in a transportation security incident, including various tank vessels,
barges, large passenger vessels, cargo vessels, towing vessels, offshore oil and gas platforms, and port
facilities that handle certain kinds of dangerous cargo or service the vessels listed above. Such
regulations were implemented on July 1, 2003, and final rules became effective in November 2003. The
regulations provide for port and vessel owners and operators to assess their vulnerabilities, and to then
develop plans that may include implementing vehicl e, container and baggage screening procedures,
designating security patrols, establishing restricted areas, implementing personnel identification
procedures, accessing control measures, and/or installing surveillance equipment. The Harbor
Department and each of its applicable tenants have in place procedures for complying with MTSA.
To comply with MTSA regulations and based on the Harbor Department’s own initiatives, the
Harbor Department is implementing certain security measures. The Harbor Department has installed and
implemented a video camera surveillance system to monitor activities throughout the Port complex. To
address waterside threats, the Harbor Department has installed radar and sonar detection systems and has
agreements with the Long Beach Police Department to provide 24/7 “on water” patrol capability. The
Harbor Department is working with marine terminal operators and other stakeholders within and outside
the Port to share video camera feeds, thereby enhancing overall regional security monitoring capabilities.
The Harbor Department has installed tools to assist in emergencies, including programmable highway
signs, an AM radio station, an automated emergency notification system, and an encrypted radio system
to provide secure communications with tenants and emergency services. The Harbor Department
continues to support efforts by the TSA to implement a transportation workers identification card. The
Harbor Department has improved and continues to enhance physical security throughout the Port complex
by installing security fencing, lighting, barriers and access control systems. These improvements are
being applied to all infrastructure above and below ground. Radiation portal monitors have been installed
at all of the container terminals, which are managed by the U.S. Customs & Border Protection. All
containers originating at foreign ports will be tested for the presence of radioactive materials when
leaving the Port.
In February 2009, the Harbor Department opened the Joint Command & Control Center which
serves as the Harbor Department Security Division and Port Police Division headquarters and functions as
a multi-agency incident command post, housing approx imately 120 personnel (which is triple the level of
staffing on September 11, 2001). The Command and Control Center functions as a “maritime domain
awareness center” and combines and displays all the surveillance, detection and monitoring data from
throughout the Port; this data is shared and communicated with facility security personnel and law
enforcement agencies that protect the harbor complex. In addition, the Harbor Department is working
closely with local, regional, and state agencies to develop a geo-spatial software platform that will
interconnect these agencies and provide a common operational picture of the region’s maritime domain to
support daily security functions, incident response, and recovery operations. The Command and Control
Center also is the home to the Maritime Coordination Center, which coordinates the response to offshore
illicit activities for over 70 different maritime law enforcement entities along 320 miles of California
coastline. The Harbor Department has significantly increased its budgeted security operating costs since66
2002. Security Division operating expenses as well as service agreements with City of Long Beach Fire
and Police Departments have increased from $15.6 million in 2008 to $26.4 million in 2017.
There can be no assurance that MTSA requirements will not become more strict or that additional
requirements may require the Harbor Department to incur additional security-related expenses.
National and local law enforcement officials have warned that additional terrorist attacks upon
key infrastructure and other targets in the United States are possible. The Port and the surrounding
waterways are particularly visible infrastructure assets that could be the subject of future attempted
terrorist attacks. A shutdown of the Port complex could have a significant impact on the U.S. economy.
A terrorist attack on the Port or the surrounding waterways or an attack somewhere else in the country or
the world could have a material adverse effect on the collection of Revenues at the Port. See
“FINANCIAL DATA—Risk Management and Insurance.”
Cybersecurity
Computer networks and data transmission and collection are vital to the efficient operations of the
Port. The Harbor Department and the tenants at the Port collect and store sensitive data, including
intellectual property, proprietary business information, information regarding customers, suppliers and
business partners, and personally identifiable information of customers and employees. The secure
processing, maintenance and transmission of this information is critical to industry operations.
The Harbor Department approaches cybersecurity through a multi-threaded approach to ensure a
layered defense. The Cyber Program Management (“CPM”) framework utilized by the Harbor
Department aligns with industry standards and regulations (focusing on National Institute of Standards
and Technology Special Publication 800-53 (a publication that recommends security controls for federal
information systems and organizations and documen ts security controls for all federal information
systems, except those designed for national security)) and enables it to continually assess and improve its
cybersecurity program. The Harbor Department routinely utilizes respected and objective third-party
consultants to perform risk assessments of its cybersecurity programs. The CPM framework is used to
assess the people, process and technology components. Additionally, the Harbor Department regularly
consults with the United States Coast Guard, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Center for
Internet Security to benchmark its practices and stay abreast of emerging threats.
Despite security measures, information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to
attacks by hackers or breached due to employee error, malfeasance or other disruptions. Any such breach
could compromise networks and the information stored there could be disrupted, accessed, publicly
disclosed, lost or stolen. Any such disruption, access, disclosure or other loss of information could result
in disruptions in the efficiency of commerce, legal claims or proceedings, liability under laws that protect
the privacy of personal information, regulatory penalties, operations and the services provided, and cause
a loss of confidence in the commercial operations of industries including the operations at the Port, which
could ultimately adversely affect Harbor Department revenues.
Environmental Compliance and Impacts
Future environmental laws, regulations, enfo rcement priorities and standards and judicial
decisions may impact the Harbor Department and the Port and the ability to construct and develop new
revenue-generating facilities at the Port. Such impacts could be material and could result in significantly
delays. See “THE PORT OF LONG BEACH—Environmental Compliance.”67
In addition to the laws and regulations enacted and adopted by governmental entities, certain
individuals and organizations could seek additional legal remedies to require the Harbor Department to
take further actions to mitigate health hazards or seek damages from the Harbor Department in connection
with the environmental impact of its maritime activities. Any actions taken by these individuals and
organizations could be costly to defend, could result in substantial damage awards against the Harbor
Department or could significantly delay or limit the Harbor