use of proceeds of future i ssuances of Bonds to the financing of Green Projects and 
in the future the City may issue Additional Bonds which are not designated as Green Bonds or certified by the CBI. 
The repayment obligations of the City with respect to the 2018 Bonds are not conditioned on the completion of any 
particular project or the satisfaction of any condition relatin g to the status of the 2018 Bonds or the certification of such 
bonds by the CBI.  
THE CITY 
General Description 
The City, located at the geographic center of the State, was fo rmed in 1786. It is the county seat of the County and the 
capital of the State. In addition to being the governmental center of the State, the City is also the business, finance, education 
and transportation center of the State.  
For further information regarding the City and the Columbia MSA, see Appendix B attached hereto. 
Administration of the City 
The City is governed by a council-manager form of government. The Mayor and City Council, who are elected for four-
year staggered terms, are vested with the legislative and polic y-making powers of the City. Day-to-day activities are 
administered by a council-appointed City Manager who serves as the chief executive officer of the City and is responsible to 
the City Council for proper administration of all affairs of th e City. The City Manager serves an indefinite term and is 
subject to removal by a majority vote of the City Council. Fina ncial affairs are under the supervision of the Assistant City 
Manager for Finance and Economic Services who is appointed by t he City Manager. The Finan ce Director reports to the 
Assistant City Manager for Finan ce and Economic Services and is  responsible for debt administration, investments and 
appropriation expenditures and is custodian of all City funds.  
   
12 
 
The present members of the City Council, their occupations, and the dates which their current terms end are as follows: 
Name Occupation Term Ends 
Stephen K. Benjamin, Mayor Attorn ey December 31, 2021 
Tameika Isaac Devine, Mayor Pro Tem Attorney December 31, 2021 
Moe Baddourah Busines s Owner December 31, 2019 
Sam Davis Chief Executive Officer † December 31, 2021 
Howard E. Duvall, Jr. R etired December 31, 2019 
Edward H. McDowell, Jr. Retired December 31, 2019 
Daniel J. Rickenmann Business Consultant December 31, 2021 
_________________ 
†City Councilman Sam Davis is the Chief Executive Officer of BEKOTU and Associates, Inc. 
 
Teresa B. Wilson has served as City Manager since January 2013.  Ms. Wilson has served as the City’s Director of 
Governmental Affairs and Assistant City Manager for Community P rograms, Economic Develo pment and Government 
Services. Ms. Wilson graduated f rom the University of South Car olina’s Honors College and the University of South 
Carolina School of Law. Prior to joining the City, Ms. Wilson served as Government and Community Relations Coordinator 
for the University of South Carolina’s Office of the President,  and also served as a liaison for the University of South 
Carolina and the City of Columbia, as well as a number of community organizations. 
Jeffery M. Palen has served as the Assistant City Manager for F inance and Economic Services and Chief Financial 
Officer since January 2013. Mr. Palen oversees the financial operation of the System. Prior to his current position, Mr. Palen 
served as the City’s Treasurer beginning in November 2008, and as hospital chief financial officer with Health Management 
Associates from 2005 to 2008. M r. Palen graduated with a Bachel or of Science in Business and a Master’s Degree in 
Business Administration from the University of South Carolina. Mr. Palen has held various positions in both the private and 
public sectors, including serving as the Deputy Treasurer and the Deputy Auditor for Lexington County.  
Janice L. Alonso has served as the Finance Director of the City  since July 2013. She has been employed with the City 
since December 2008, first as the  Accounting Manager and, in Au gust 2010, as the Deputy Finance Director. Ms. Alonso 
has held various positions in both private and public sectors, including Deputy Treasurer for Lexington County and 
Assistant Controller for Thermo Scientific. Ms. Alonso graduate d from the University of South Carolina with a Bachelor of 
Science in Business. Ms. Alonso is also a Certified Government Finance Officer in South Carolina. 
Clint Shealy, P.E., has served as  t h e  A s s i s t a n t  C i t y  M a n a g e r  o f Columbia Water since July 2017. Mr. Shealy is a 
licensed Water Treatment Plant Operator and Professional Engine er. Prior to being named Assistant City Manager of 
Columbia Water, Mr. Shealy served  as the City’s Director of Uti lities and Water Works Superintendent. Prior to coming to 
Columbia Water, Mr. Shealy work ed for the South Carolina Depart m e n t  o f  H e a l t h  a n d  E n v i r o n m e n t a l  C o n t r o l  a n d  
engineering firms BP Barber & Associates, Inc. and Black and Ve atch Corporation. Mr. Shealy is a registered Professional 
Engineer in the State. He earned his Bachelor of Science degree in Engineering from Clemson University. 
Dana Higgins, P.E., was named Director of Engineering in July 2 017, prior to this, Ms. Higgins served as the City 
Engineer since September 2010. S he has worked in all facets of water resources and environmental engineering since she 
started her career in 1995.  Before becoming City Engineer, Ms.  Higgins served as the Assistant City Engineer for 
Construction for the City, managing the construction management staff and overseeing the development and construction of 
projects within the City limits. Prior to her work with the Cit y, Ms. Higgins worked for Site Development Engineering, Inc. 
as the Principal Engineer in Charge. Ms. Higgins is a registere d Professional Engineer in the State of South Carolina and a 
Leadership in Energy and Environm ental Design Accredited Profes sional (LEED AP). She earned her Bachelor of Science 
in Civil Engineering and her Master of Science in Engineering from the University of South Carolina.    
THE SYSTEM 
Background  
 The City owns and operates the water, wastewater and stormwate r systems, these systems are operated by Columbia 
W a t e r .  I n  J u n e  2 0 0 2 ,  t h e  C i t y  e s t a b l i s h e d  t h e  S y s t e m  a s  a  s e p a rate self-supporting enterprise fund utility, including the 
establishment of separate budg eting and accounting systems. The  System has operational control over the existing 
stormwater management programs, support systems, and facilities  owned and operated by the City.  The System provides 
stormwater collection and distribution services throughout the City and collected stormwate r fees from approximately 
32,588 billed stormwater accounts /properties in the City as of the last day of the fiscal year  ended June 30, 2018 (“Fiscal 
Year 2018”). 
  
13 
 
The System is administered by Columbia Water, under the leadership of the Assistant City Manager, Clint Shealy.  The 
financial operations of the System are administered by the Assi stant City Manager for Finance and Economic Services. 
Columbia Water consists of five divisions: (a) the Engineering Division is responsible for the administration and 
management of the System; (b) the Utility Operations Division i s responsible for the developing and administering the 
overall planning framework of the System; (c) the Customer Care  Division is responsible for the billing and collection of 
revenue; (d) the Public Works Division is responsible for the o verall operation and maintenance of the System; and (e) the 
Utility Communications Division is responsible for overall publ ic outreach and communications for Columbia Water and 
the System.  Initial recommendations for improvements of the Sy stem are made by the Assistant City Manager. The 
recommendations are then reviewed by the City Manager and submi tted to the City Council for review and approval as part 
of the budget process. Increases in rates for the System must b e reviewed and adopted by the City Council prior to going 
into effect.  
Service Area 
The System’s service area spans fo ur major watersheds, both nat ural and man-made channels, drainage ways, inlets, 
catch basins, pipes, head walls, storm sewers, detention facili ties and other physical works, properties, and improvements 
which transfer, control, convey or otherwise influence the move ment of stormwater runoff. Currently there are over 15,000 
inlets and intake structures; more than 350 miles of storm sewers; approximately 3,600 storm sewer junctions and manholes; 
136 miles of open channels; and four stormwater management faci lities (including detention and retention basins).  See 
“APPENDIX F – FINANCIAL FEASIBILITY REPORT” for a map depicting the System service area and watersheds. 
Fee Structure of Stormwater Fees 
The City’s Stormwater Fee came into effect on July 1, 2002, and  was last updated effective July 1, 2017 and July 1, 
2018.  All monies collected from this utility fee fund are used  to provide for and/or finance the costs of: (a) design and 
construction of capital improvement drainage projects, (b) rout ine maintenance of the System,  (c) developing an inventory 
of the System, (d) master planning for capital improvements, an d (e) complying with the City’s National Pollutant 
Discharge Elimination System Stormwater quality requirements. 
A property’s Stormwater Fee is based on the amount of imperviou s area. Impervious areas can include: sidewalks, 
walkways, patios, driveways, parking lots, storage areas, compa cted gravel and soil, rooftops, and awnings. The City has 
established an Equivalent Residential Unit (“ERU”) for stormwater billing purposes. One ERU is equal to 2,454 square feet, 
which is the average amount of impervious area found on a typic al single-family residence. Each customer is assigned a 
measure of impervious area which outlines that customer’s stormwater drainage requirement.  
All properties in the City have been placed into one of three major stormwater billing categories. Those categories are:  
 ( 1 )  Undeveloped or No-Bill Properties.  All properties which are undeveloped or have no impervious sur faces are 
not billed.  In addition, any non-single-family residential pro perties which have less than 600 square feet of impervious 
surfaces on them are not billed. 
 (2) Single-Family Residential. All properties which only have a single-family house, duplex, patio home, or mobile 
home are classified as single-family residential.  These properties have been assigned one ERU and are charged a flat rate of 
$12.54 per month. 
 ( 3 )  Non-Single-Family-Residential. All properties which are multiple-dwelling unit residential p roperties, 
commercial and office buildings, public buildings and structure s, industrial and manufacturing buildings, storage buildings, 
parking lots, parks, recreation properties, public and private schools and universities, research facilities and stations, hospitals 
and convalescent centers, airpor ts, water and wastewater treatm ent plants, and others are classified as non-single-family-
residential.  The Stormwater Fee for these properties is assessed based on the square footage of their impervious area. 
Stormwater Fee 
 In June 2017, the City Council enacted Ordinance No. 2017-049,  amending its monthly Stormwater Fee rate† per ERU 
as follows: 
Fiscal Year Effective Date Unit Amount 
2018 July 1, 2017 per ERU $11.80 
2019 July 1, 2018 per ERU $12.54 
2020 July 1, 2019 per ERU $13.32 
2021 July 1, 2020 per ERU $14.15 
2022 July 1, 2021 per ERU $15.03 
______________________ 
Source: City of Columbia 
†No other fee increases have been approved by the City Council.  
14 
 
Collection of Stormwater Fees 
Stormwater Fees are collected on in-City water customers. Bills  are mailed to water customers on a periodic basis 
throughout the mont