Use of Proceeds 
The proceeds of the 2019A Bonds are expected to be used to fina nce (a) street and sidewalk 
improvements in the vicinity of the Salesforce Transit Center and (b) certain capacity enhancements for the 
Embarcadero and Montgomery Stations of the regional Bay Area Rapid Transit (“BART”) rail system.  The 
proceeds of the 2019B Bonds are expected to be used to finance or reimburse a portion of the costs incurred 
for  the planning, design, engineering and construction of the Train Box and Salesforce Park, both as 
described below. In addition, the 2019 Bonds are being issued to (i) fund a contribution to a debt service 
reserve fund securing the 2019 Bonds and certain other Bonds de scribed in this Official Statement (see “– 
Reserve Fund” below), (ii) capitalize a portion of the interest  on the 2019 Bonds, and (iii) fund costs of 
issuance, all as further described herein. See “THE FINANCING PLAN” herein.   
The District 
The District currently consists of approximately 13.5 gross acr es located in downtown San 
Francisco immediately south of Market Street near the City’s ne w Salesforce Transit Center. See “THE 
DISTRICT” herein. The Salesforce Transit Center has been design ed to be a hub of transit connections 
serving regional commuters. At the time it established the District, the City also established a larger future 
annexation area (the “Future Anne xation Area”) for the District; the Future Annexation Area enables 
properties to annex into the District with fewer procedural req uirements than would otherwise be required 
under the Act. 
In general, Special Taxes (defined  herein) can only be levied o n a property within the District if: 
(i) the property is a “Conditioned Project,” which is generally  defined in the Rate and Method as a 
Development Project (as defined herein) that is required to participate in funding Authorized Facilities (as 
defined in the Rate and Method) through the District because it received a zoning bonus to exceed the height 
and floor-to-area ratios that would have otherwise been applica ble under the City’s Planning Code as 
defined in the Rate and Method;  (ii) a Certificate of Occupancy  (defined herein) has been issued for the 
property; and (iii) a Tax Commencement Authorization (defined herein) for the property has been executed 
by the Director, Controller’s Office of Public Finance. See APP ENDIX B – “AMENDED RATE AND 
METHOD OF APPORTIONMENT OF SPECIAL TAX” attached hereto. See “THE DISTRICT” herein. 
Six Conditioned Projects in the District have received both a C ertificate of Occupancy and a Tax 
Commencement Authorization and are now subject to the Special Tax (collectively, the “Taxable Buildings 
(Subject Properties)”): 
 350 Mission Street, also known as “Salesforce East”;  
 299 Fremont Street, also known as “Block 6” or “Solaire”;  
 415 Mission Street, also known as “Salesforce Tower”;  
 41 Tehama Street, also known as “33 Tehama”;  
 181 Fremont Street; and 
 250 Howard Street, also known as “Block 5” or “Park Tower.”  
See “SPECIAL RISK FACTORS – Concentration of Property Ownership” herein.  
  
3 
In addition to the Taxable Buildings (Subject Properties), ther e are currently five Conditioned 
Projects in the District and four Conditioned Projects in the Future Annexation Area planned for residential, 
commercial or mixed use that may  become Taxable Buildings subje ct to the Special Tax following their 
completion. There may also be additional projects within the Fu ture Annexation Area or the District that 
become Conditioned Projects. No assurance can be provided that any particular property will become a 
Conditioned Project, be annexed into the District, and become a Taxable Building required to pay Special 
Taxes. 
The 2019 Bonds 
The 2019 Bonds will be issued in denominations of $5,000 or any integral multiple in excess 
thereof, shall mature on September 1 in each of the years and i n the amounts, and shall bear interest as 
shown on the inside front cover hereof.  Interest on the 2019 B onds shall be payable on each March 1 and 
September 1, commencing September 1, 2019 (the “Interest Paymen t Dates”) to the Owner thereof as of 
the Record Date (as defined herein) immediately preceding each such Interest Payment Date, by check 
mailed on such Interest Payment Date or by wire transfer to an account in the United States of America 
made upon instructions of any Owner of $1,000,000 or more in aggregate principal amount of 2019 Bonds 
delivered to the Fiscal Agent pri or to the applicable Record Da te.  The 2019 Bonds, when issued, will be 
registered in the name of Cede & Co., as nominee of The Deposit ory Trust Company, New York, New 
York (“DTC”).  DTC will act as securities depository of the 2019 Bonds.  Individual purchases of the 2019 
Bonds will be made in book-entry form only.  Principal of and i nterest and premium, if any, on the 2019 
Bonds will be payable by DTC through the DTC participants.  See  “THE 2019 BONDS – Book-Entry 
System” herein.  Purchasers of the 2019 Bonds will not receive physical delivery of the 2019 Bonds 
purchased by them. 
“Green Bond” Designation 
The City is designating the 2019B Bonds as “Green Bonds” (also known as “Climate Bonds”).  The 
purpose of designating the 2019B Bonds as Green Bonds is to all ow investors to invest directly in bonds 
which finance environmentally beneficial projects (“Green Projects”). The particular capital improvements 
that the City has defined as “Green Projects” in connection wit h the 2019B Bonds are part of the 
development of the Salesforce Transit Center and its related fa cilities, including the Train Box and 
Salesforce Park (each as defined herein). The City will undertake reasonable efforts to ensure that any 
adjustment of capital expenditures or other actions ta ken with respect to the 2 019B Bonds will not result 
in revision or withdrawal of the Climate Bonds In itiative (the “CBI”) certification described herein; 
however, there can be no guarantee that such adjustmen t or other action or a future revision to the CBI’s 
criteria for certifying bonds will not result in a withdrawal or revision of the CBI’s certification. See “THE 
BONDS – 2019B Bonds Designated as Green Bonds” herein. 
Outstanding Parity Bonds and Future Financings 
The City is authorized to issue on behalf of the District bonded indebtedness in an aggregate amount 
not to exceed $1.4 billion (although Bonds that constitute refu nding bonds under the Act will not count 
against this $1.4 billion limit). On November 9, 2017, the City, on behalf of the District, issued Special Tax 
Bonds, Series 2017A (Federally Taxable) in the aggregate princi pal amount of $36,095,000 (the “2017A 
Bonds”) and Special Tax Bonds, Series 2017B (Federally Taxable – Green Bonds) in the aggregate 
principal amount of $171,405,000 (the “2017B Bonds” and, together with the 2017A Bonds, the “2017 
Bonds”).  The 2017 Bonds were the first series of Bonds issued under the Fiscal Agent Agreement. The 
2017 Bonds, the 2019 Bonds, and any bonds issued in the future on a parity basis with the 2017 Bonds and 
the 2019 Bonds under the Fiscal Agent Agreement (“Parity Bonds”) are referred to in this Official Statement 
collectively as the “Bonds.”  
  
4 
The 2017 Bonds primarily financed (i) various capital improvements, including street and sidewalk 
improvements in the vicinity of the Salesforce Transit Center a nd the development and improvement of 
open space, (ii) a portion of the planning, design, engineering and construction of the Train Box described 
below, and (iii) a portion of the planning, design, engineering and construction of the Salesforce Park. 
The 2017 Bonds and the 2019 Bonds are secured by and payable from Special Tax Revenues under 
the Fiscal Agent Agreement on a parity basis. The Fiscal Agent Agreement authorizes the City to issue 
additional bonds secured by Special Tax Revenues on a parity ba sis with the 2017 Bonds and the 2019 
Bonds, in an aggregate amount not to exceed $1.4 billion (although Bonds that constitute refunding bonds 
under the Act will not count against this $1.4 billion limit). See “SECURITY FOR THE BONDS – Parity 
Bonds” herein. 
Following the issuance of the 2019 Bonds, in the initial princi pal amount of $190,965,000, 
$1,001,535,000 authorization will remain unissued. See “SECURITY FOR THE BONDS – Parity Bonds” 
herein. 
Security for the Bonds 
The Bonds are secured by the pledge of Special Tax Revenues and  all moneys deposited in the 
Bond Fund and, until disbursed as provided in the Fiscal Agent Agreement, in the Special Tax Fund.   
“Special Tax Revenues” means th e proceeds of the Special Taxes received by the City, including 
any scheduled payments thereof and any Special Tax Prepayments,  interest thereon and proceeds of the 
redemption or sale of property sold as a result of foreclosure of the lien of the Special Taxes to the amount 
of said lien and interest thereon, but shall not include any interest in excess of the interest due on the Bonds 
or any penalties collected in connection with any such foreclosure.  
“Special Taxes” means the special  taxes levied by the Board of Supervisors within the District 
under the Act, the Ordinance, the Amended and Restated Rate and  Method of Apportionment of Special 
Tax for the District (the “Rate and Method”) and the Fiscal Agent Agreement.  
“Special Tax Prepayments” means the proceeds of any Special Tax  prepayments received by the 
City, as calculated pursuant to the Rate and Method, less any a dministrative fees or penalties collected as 
part of any such prepayment. See “SECURITY FOR THE BONDS – General” herein. 
See the section of this Official Statement captioned “SPECIAL RISK FACTORS” for a discussion 
of certain risk factors which should be considered, in addition  to the other matters set forth herein, in 
evaluating the investment quality of the 2019 Bonds. 
Reserve Fund 
The City, on behalf of the District, established a debt service  reserve fund for the 2017 Bonds 
pursuant to the Fiscal Agent Agreement, designated the “Reserve Fund,” which was initially funded with 
proceeds of the 2017 Bonds at the Reserve Requirement (defined below). See “SECURITY FOR THE 
BONDS –Reserve Fund” herein.  
The 2019 Bonds are being issued as “Related Parity Bonds” under  the Fiscal Agent Agreement, 
which means that the Reserve Fund will secure the 2019 Bonds in  addition to the 2017 Bonds. “Related 
Parity Bonds” are defined as any series of Parity Bonds for which (i) the proceeds are deposited into the 
Reserve Fund so that the balance therein is equal to the Reserv e Requirement following issuance of such 
Parity Bonds and (ii) the related Supplemental Agreement specif ies that the Reserve Fund will act as a 
reserve for the payment of the principal of, and interest and any premium on, such series of Parity Bonds.  
  
5 
The Fiscal Agent Agreement authorizes the City to issue future Parity Bonds that are Related Parity 
Bonds. 
Foreclosure Covenant 
The City, on behalf of the District, has covenanted for the benefit of the owners of the Bonds that, 
under certain circumstances described herein, the City will commence judicial foreclosure proceedings with 
respect to delinquent Special Taxes on property within the Dist rict, and will diligently pursue such 
proceedings to completion. See “SECURITY FOR THE BONDS – The Sp ecial Taxes” and “SECURITY 
FOR THE BONDS – Covenant for Superior Court Foreclosure” herein. 
Teeter Plan 
The District is currently on the City’s “Teeter Plan.” Under the Teeter Plan, the City maintains a 
tax loss reserve fund for the purpose of paying each taxing agency 100% of the amounts of secured taxes 
(including the Special Taxes of the District) levied on the tax bill irrespective of any delinquent taxes.  See 
“SECURITY FOR THE BONDS – Teeter Plan” herein. 
Limited Obligations 
The 2019 Bonds are limited obligations of the City, secured by and pa