use of proceeds.  BAM has been 
identified by the ICMA as an observer organization that  is active in the field of green and/or social or 
sustainability finance and is Climate Bond Initiative approved verifier.  The Credit Profile prepared by 
BAM for the Insured 2018 Bonds will identify whic h of the following GBP categories applies to the 
Insured 2018 Bonds:   
• renewable energy 
• energy efficiency 
• pollution prevention and control 
• environmentally sustainable management of living natural resources and land use 
• terrestrial and aquatic biodiversity 
• clean transportation 
• climate change adaptation 
• sustainable water and wastewater management 
• green buildings. 
Each of the GBPs correlates to one of the fo llowing UN Sustainable Development Goals which 
will also be included in the Credit Profile for the Insured 2018 Bonds:    
• clean water and sanitation 
• affordable and clean energy 
• sustainable cities and communities  
19 
• industry innovation and infrastructure 
• responsible consumption and production 
• climate action 
• life below water 
• life on land 
For projects under construction, the bond obligor has agreed to furnish annual information to 
BAM on the status of the project until completion, wh ich will be reflected in the BAM Credit Profile for 
the Insured 2018 Bonds.  
The BAM GreenStar designation is based upon information obtained from the Issuer and its 
representatives, which sources BAM believes to be relia ble, at the time of the issuance of the Insured 
2018 Bonds.  BAM does not charge a fee in connecti on with the designation, does not perform an audit 
and undertakes no duty of due diligence or independent verification of any information it receives.  The 
designation is provided on an “AS IS” basis. BAM makes no representation or warranty, express or 
implied, including, but not limited to, the accuracy, results, timeliness, completeness, merchantability or 
fitness for any particular purpose with respect to  the designation. A complete description of BAM 
GreenStar, and its limitations and terms of  use, are available on BAM’s website 
https://buildamerica.com/greenstar and https://buildamer ica.com/terms-of-use and incorporated herein by 
reference. The BAM GreenStar designation is determin ed solely by BAM; it has not been reviewed or 
approved by the issuer of or the underwriter for the Insured 2018 Bonds, and the issuer and underwriter 
assume no responsibility for such designation.  
Additional Information Available from BAM 
Credit Insights Videos. For certain BAM-insured issues, BAM produces and posts a brief Credit 
Insights video that provides a discussion of the obligor  and some of the key factors BAM’s analysts and 
credit committee considered when approving the credit for insurance.   The Credit Insights videos are 
easily accessible on BAM’s website at buildamerica.co m/creditinsights/.  (The preceding website address 
is provided for convenience of reference only. Informa tion available at such address is not incorporated 
herein by reference.)  
Credit Profiles.  Prior to the pricing of bonds that BAM has been selected to insure, BAM may 
prepare a pre-sale Credit Profile for those bonds. These pre-sale Credit Profiles provide information about 
the sector designation (e.g. general obligation, sales ta x); a preliminary summary of financial information 
and key ratios; and demographic and economic data relevant to the oblig or, if available. Subsequent to 
closing, for any offering that includes bonds insured by BAM, any pre-sale Credit Profile will be updated 
and superseded by a final Credit Profile to include information about the gross par insured by CUSIP, 
maturity and coupon.  BAM pre-sale and final Cred it Profiles are easily accessible on BAM's website at 
buildamerica.com/obligor/.  BAM will produce a Credit Profile for all bonds insured by BAM, whether or 
not a pre-sale Credit Profile has be en prepared for such bonds.  (The  preceding website address is 
provided for convenience of reference only.  Informa tion available at such address is not incorporated 
herein by reference.)  
Disclaimers.  The Credit Profiles and the Credit Insights videos and the information contained 
therein are not recommendations to purchase, hold or se ll securities or to make any investment decisions.  
Credit-related and other analyses and statements in the Credit Profiles and the Credit Insights videos are  
20 
statements of opinion as of the date expressed, and BAM assumes no responsibility to update the content 
of such material.  The Credit Profiles and Credit Insigh t videos are prepared by BAM; they have not been 
reviewed or approved by the issuer of or the unde rwriter for the Insured 2018 Bonds, and the issuer and 
underwriter assume no responsibility for their content.  
BAM receives compensation (an insurance premium) for the insurance that it is providing with 
respect to the Insured 2018 Bonds. Neither BAM nor  any affiliate of BAM has purchased, or committed 
to purchase, any of the Insured 2018 Bonds, whether at the initial offering or otherwise.