use of proceeds.  BAM has been identified by the ICMA 
as an observer organization that is active in the field of green and/or social or sustainability finance 
and is Climate Bond Initiative a pproved verifier.  The Credit P rofile prepared by BAM for the 
Bonds will identify which of the following GBP categories applies to the Bonds:  
’éĘ renewable energy 
’éĘ energy efficiency 
’éĘ pollution prevention and control  
’éĘ environmentally sustainable management of living natural resources and land use 
’éĘ terrestrial and aquatic biodiversity 
’éĘ clean transportation  
’éĘ climate change adaptation  
’éĘ sustainable water and wastewater management 
’éĘ green buildings. 
  
G-3 
Each of the GBPs correlates to one of the following UN Sustainable Development Goals which 
will also be included in the Credit Profile for the Bonds:   
’éĘ clean water and sanitation 
’éĘ affordable and clean energy 
’éĘ sustainable cities and communities 
’éĘ industry innovation and infrastructure 
’éĘ responsible consumption and production 
’éĘ climate action 
’éĘ life below water 
’éĘ life on land 
 
For projects under construction, the bond obligor has agreed to furnish annual information to BAM 
on the status of the project until completion, which will be reflected in the BAM Credit Profile for 
the Bonds. 
The BAM GreenStar designation is based upon information obtained by BAM, which information 
BAM believes to be reliable, at the time of the issuance of the Bonds.  BAM does not charge a fee 
in connection with the designati on, does not perform an audit a nd undertakes no duty of due 
diligence or independent verification of any information it rec eives.  The designation is provided 
on an ŌĆ£AS ISŌĆØ basis. BAM makes no representation or warranty, e xpress or implied, including, 
but not limited to, the accuracy, results, timeliness, complete ness, merchantability or fitness for 
any particular purpose with respect to the designation.   A complete description of BAM GreenStar, 
and its limitations and terms of use, are available on BAMŌĆÖs we bsite 
https://buildamerica.com/greenstar and https://buildamerica.com/terms-of-use and incorporated 
herein by reference.  The BAM GreenStar designation is determin ed solely by BAM; it has not 
been reviewed or approved by the issuer of or the underwriter f or the Bonds, and the issuer and 
underwriter assume no responsibility for such designation. 
Additional Information Available from BAM 
Credit Insights Videos. For certain BAM-insured issues, BAM produces and posts a brief Credit 
Insights video that provides a discussion of the obligor and some of the key factors BAMŌĆÖs analysts 
and credit committee considered when  approving the credit for insurance.  The Credit Insights 
videos are easily accessible on BAM's website at buildamerica.c om/creditinsights/.  (The 
preceding website address is provided for convenience of reference only.  Information available at 
such address is not incorporated herein by reference.) 
Credit Profiles.  Prior to the pricing of bonds that BAM has been selected to ins ure, BAM may 
prepare a pre-sale Credit Profile for those bonds. These pre-sa le Credit Profiles provide 
information about the sector des ignation (e.g. general obligati on, sales tax); a preliminary 
summary of financial information and key ratios; and demographic and economic data relevant to 
the obligor, if available. Subsequent to closing, for any offer ing that includes bonds insured by 
BAM, any pre-sale Credit Profile will be updated and superseded  by a final Credit Profile to 
include information about the gross par insured by CUSIP, matur ity and coupon.  BAM pre-sale 
and final Credit Profiles are ea sily accessible on BAM's websit e at 
buildamerica.com/obligor/.  BAM will produce a Credit Profile f or all bonds insured by BAM,  
G-4 
whether or not a pre-sale Credit Profile has been prepared for such bonds.  (The preceding website 
address is provided for convenience of reference only.  Informa tion available at such address is 
not incorporated herein by reference.) 
Disclaimers.  The Credit Profiles and the Credit Insights videos and the info rmation contained 
therein are not recommendations t o purchase, hold or sell secur ities or to make any investment 
decisions.  Credit-related and ot her analyses and statements in the Credit Profiles and the Credit 
Insights videos are statements of opinion as of the date expres sed, and BAM assumes no 
responsibility to update the content of such material.  The Credit Profiles and Credit Insight videos 
are prepared by BAM; they have not been reviewed or approved by the issuer of or the underwriter 
for the Bonds, and the issuer and underwriter assume no responsibility for their content. 
BAM receives compensation (an insurance premium) for the insurance that it is providing with 
respect to the Bonds. Neither BAM nor any affiliate of BAM has purchased, or committed to 
purchase, any of the Bonds, whether at the initial offering or otherwise. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(T
HIS SPACE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK.) 
   
G-5 
 
  
 
G-6 
 
G-7 
 
OFFICIAL STATEMENT 
$8,920,000