use of proceeds of the Series 2019C-1 Bonds and the 
Series 2019C-2 Bonds, as well as management of proceeds and rep orting aspects of the Framework, and 
reviewed relevant public docum ents and non-public information.  Sustainalytics is of the opinion that the 
Framework, pursuant to which the Department has labeled the Ser ies 2019C-1 Bonds and the Series 
2019C-2 Bonds as “Green Bonds,” is credible and impactful, and aligns with the four core components of 
the GBP 2018.  Sustainalytics conclusions were due, in part, to the use of the proceeds of the Series 
2019C-1 Bonds and the Series 2019C-2 Bonds to refund the portio n of the respective Refunded Bonds 
which were issued to finance projects that fall under the eligi ble categories defined under the GBP 2018  
 7  
(“Green Projects”).  The purpose of designating the offered bon ds as “Green Bonds” is to allow investors 
to invest directly in bonds which refinance existing Green Proj ects.  Construction of such Green Projects 
has been completed, and details  on allocated amounts and impact  indicators are discussed within the 
Framework, and therefore, no additional reporting on the status of the Green Projects is anticipated. 
The use of the term “Green Bonds” is solely for identification purposes and is not intended to 
provide or imply that the owners of the Series 2019C-1 Bonds th e Series 2019C-2 Bonds are entitled to 
any security other than that described under the heading, “SECU RITY AND SOURCES OF PAYMENT 
FOR THE SERIES 2019 BONDS. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE SERIES 2019 BONDS 
General 
The Series 2019 Bonds will bear i nterest at the rates and matur e on the dates set forth on the 
inside cover page of this Official Statement.  Interest will be  calculated on the basis of a 360-day year 
consisting of twelve 30-day months.  The Series 2019 Bonds will  be dated their date of delivery, and will 
bear interest from that date, payable semi-annually on February  1 and August 1 of each year (each an 
“Interest Payment Date”), commencing on February 1, 2020.  Interest due and payable on the Series 2019 
Bonds on any Interest Payment Date will be paid to the register ed owner as of the Record Date (Cede & 
Co., so long as the book-entry system with The Depository Trust  Company (“DTC”) is in effect).  Each 
Series 2019 Bond will bear interest from the Interest Payment D ate next preceding the date of 
authentication thereof unless (a) it is authenticated after a R ecord Date and on or before the following 
Interest Payment Date, in which event it will bear interest fro m such Interest Payment Date, or (b) it is 
authenticated on or before January 15, 2020, in which event it will bear interest from its date of delivery; 
provided, however, that if, as of the date of authentication of any Series 2019 Bond, interest thereon is in 
default, such Series 2019 Bond will bear interest from the Inte rest Payment Date to which interest has 
previously been paid or made available for payment thereon. 
The Series 2019 Bonds will be issued  in denominations of $5,000  or integral multiples thereof.  
The Series 2019 Bonds will be issued in fully registered form a nd, when issued, will be registered in the 
name of Cede & Co., as registered owner and nominee of DTC.  DT C will act as securities depository for 
the Series 2019 Bonds.  Individual purchases may be made in boo k-entry form only.  Purchasers will not 
receive certificates representing their interest in the Series 2019 Bonds purchased.  So long as Cede & 
Co., as a nominee of DTC, is the registered owner of the Series  2019 Bonds, references herein to the 
Owners or registered owners means Cede & Co., and does not mean  the beneficial owners of the Series 
2019 Bonds. 
So long as Cede & Co. is the re gistered owner of the Series 201 9 Bonds, principal of and interest 
on the Series 2019 Bonds will be payable by wire transfer by th e Trustee to Cede & Co., as nominee for 
DTC, which is required, in turn, to remit such amounts to the D TC participants, for subsequent 
disbursement to the beneficial owners.  See “APPENDIX F—BOOK-ENTRY-ONLY SYSTEM.” 
No Redemption Prior to Maturity 
The Series 2019 Bonds are not subject to redemption prior to maturity.    
 8  
SECURITY AND SOURCES OF PAYMENT FOR THE SERIES 2019 BONDS 
Source of Payment 
Subject only to the provisions of the Indenture permitting the application thereof for the purposes 
and on the terms and conditions set forth in the Indenture, all  of the Revenues and any other amounts 
(including proceeds of the sale of the Series 2019 Bonds) held in any fund or account established pursuant 
to the Indenture (except the Rebate Fund) are irrevocably pledg ed to secure the payment of the principal 
of and interest, and the premium, if any, on the Series 2019 Bo nds in accordance with their terms and the 
provisions of the Indenture.  The pledge of the Revenues is on a parity with the lien on and security 
interest in Revenues granted to the other Parity Obligations pu rsuant to the Issuing Documents for such 
Parity Obligations.   
No debt service reserve fund will be established to secure the payment of principal of and interest 
on the Series 2019 Bonds.  The Series 2019 Bonds will not be se cured by amounts held in the Common 
Reserve (defined herein) that secure all Common Reserve Parity Obligations (defined herein).  See also 
“—No Reserve Fund Established for Series 2019 Bonds Reserve Fun d; Reserve Fund Established for 
Certain Parity Obligations Not Available for Series 2019 Bonds” for additional information.   
“Revenues” means: (a) all money received or collected from or arising ou t of the use or operation 
of any harbor or port improvement, work, structure, appliance, facility or utility, service, or watercraft, 
owned, controlled or operated by the City in or upon or pertaining to the lands and waters, or interests 
therein, of said City in the Harbor District (as defined below) ; all tolls, charges and rentals collected by 
the Department; and all compensations or fees required to be paid for franchises or licenses, or otherwise 
by law or ordinance or order, to the City for the operation of any public service utility upon lands and 
waters, or interests therein, of the City in the Harbor Distric t; provided that for the avoidance of doubt 
user fees collected by the Department on behalf of, or required  to be transmitted to, third parties pursuant 
to applicable law and not commingled with Revenues, will not be  deemed to be Revenues; and (b) all 
interest or gain derived from the investment of amounts in any of the funds or accounts established under 
the Indenture (except interest and gain derived from the Rebate Fund). 
“Parity Obligations” means the Series 2019 Bonds and all revenue bonds, Revolving Obligations 
and related Bank Notes, or notes of the Department authorized, executed, issued and delivered by the 
Department, and all contracts of  the Department authorized and executed by the Department, the 
payments of which are on a parity with the Series 2019 Bonds an d which are secured by a pledge of and 
lien on the Revenues.  See “—Outstanding Parity Obligations” below. 
THE SERIES 2019 BONDS DO NOT CONSTITUTE OR EVIDENCE AN INDEBTED NESS