use of proceeds of the 2013C  
Bonds, ( ii) certifications of public officials furnished to us, and ( iii) certifications and 
representations contained in certificates of the City and others delivered at closing, without 
undertaking to verify them by independent investigation.   
We have assumed that all signatures on documents, certificates, and instruments 
examined by us are genuine, all documents, certificates, and instruments submitted to us as 
originals are authentic, and all documents, certificates, and instruments submitted to us as copie s 
conform to the originals.  In addition, we have assumed that all documents, certificates, and 
instruments relating to this financing have been duly authorized, executed, and delivered by all 
parties to them other than the City, and we have further assume d the due organization, existence, 
and powers of all parties other than the City.  
        B-7 
Based on the foregoing, in our opinion, under current law: 
 1. The 2013C Bonds have been authorized and issued in accordance with the 
Constitution and laws of the Commonwealth and constitute valid and binding general obligations 
of the City. 
 2. The Council of the City has the power and is authorized and required by law to 
levy and collect annually, at the same time and in the same manner as other taxes of the City are 
assessed, levied and collected, a tax upon all taxable property within the City, over and above all 
other taxes authorized or limited by law, and without limitation as to rate or amount, sufficient to 
pay when due the principal of and premium, if any, and interes t on the 2013C  Bonds to the 
extent other funds of the City are not lawfully available and appropriated for such purpose. 
3. Interest on the 2013C Bonds is includible in the gross income of the owners of the 
2013C Bonds for federal income tax purposes as re quired under Section 6431(f)(1)(D) of the 
Code.  We e xpress no opinion regarding any  other federal tax consequences with respect to the 
2013C Bonds. 
4. Interest on the 2013C  Bonds is excludable from gross income of the owners 
thereof for purposes of income  taxation by the Commonwealth.  We express no opinion 
regarding (i) other tax consequences arising with respect to the 2013C  Bonds under the laws of 
the Commonwealth, or (ii) any consequences arising with respect to the 2013C  Bonds under the 
tax laws of any state or local jurisdiction other than the Commonwealth.   
IRS Circular 230 Disclosure: To comply with certain U.S. Treasury regulations, we 
inform you that, unless expressly stated otherwise, any U.S. federal tax advice contained in 
this communication, including attachments was not intended or written to be used, and 
cannot be used, by any taxpayer for the purpose of avoiding any penalties that may be 
imposed on such taxpayer by the Internal Revenue Service.  In addition, if any such tax 
advice is used o r referred to by other parties in promoting, marketing or recommending 
any partnership or other entity, investment plan or arrangement, then (i) the advice should 
be construed as written in connection with the promotion or marketing by others of the 
transaction(s) or matter(s) addressed in this communication and (ii) the taxpayer should 
seek advice based on the taxpayer's particular circumstances from an independent tax 
advisor. 
Our services as bond counsel to the City have been limited to rendering the for egoing 
opinion based on our review of such legal proceedings as we deem necessary to approve the 
validity of the 2013C  Bonds and the income tax  status of the interest on them.  We express no 
opinion as to the accuracy, completeness or sufficiency of any of fering material or information 
that may have been relied upon by any owner of the 2013C  Bonds in making a decision to 
purchase the 2013C Bonds. 
Very truly yours,  
 
 
 
       To be signed:  McGuireWoods LLP  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[This Page Intentionally Left Blank]