use of proceeds of the Series 2016A Bonds and of 
the property financed or refinanced thereby). 
PURCHASE, OWNERSHIP, SALE OR DISPOSITION OF THE SERIES 2016A BO NDS AND THE 
RECEIPT OR ACCRUAL OF THE INTEREST THEREON MAY HAVE ADVERSE FED ERAL TAX 
CONSEQUENCES FOR CERTAIN INDIVIDUAL AND CORPORATE HOLDERS OF TH E SERIES 2016A 
BONDS, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITE D TO, THE CONSEQUENCES DESCRIBE D ABOVE. 
PROSPECTIVE HOLDERS OF THE SERIES 2016A BONDS SHOULD CONSULT WITH THEIR TAX 
SPECIALISTS FOR INFORMATION IN THAT REGARD.  2 9 
Information Reporting and Backup Withholding 
Interest paid on tax-exempt bonds such as the Series 2016A Bonds is subject to information reporting to the 
Internal Revenue Service in a ma nner similar to interest paid o n taxable obligations.  This reporting requirement 
does not affect the excludability of interest on the Series 201 6A Bonds from gross income for federal income tax 
purposes.  However, in conjunction with that information report ing requirement, the Code subjects certain non-
corporate owners of Series 2016A Bonds, under certain circumstances, to “backup withholding” at the rate specified 
in the Code with respect to payments on the Series 2016A Bonds and proceeds from the sale of Series 2016A Bonds.  
Any amount so withheld would be refunded or allowed as a credit  against the federal income tax of such owner of 
Series 2016A Bonds.  This withholding generally applies if the owner of Series 2016A Bonds (i) fails to furnish the 
payor such owner’s social security number or other taxpayer ide ntification number (“TIN”), (ii) furnished the payor 
an incorrect TIN, (iii) fails to properly report interest, divi dends, or other “reportable payments” as defined in the 
Code, or (iv) under certain circumstances, fails to provide the  payor or such owner’s securities broker with a 
certified statement, signed under penalty of perjury, that the TIN provided is correct and that such owner is not 
subject to backup withholding.  Prospective purchasers of the S eries 2016A Bonds may also wish to consult with 
their tax advisors with respect to the need to furnish certain taxpayer information in order to avoid backup 
withholding. 
Other Tax Matters 
During recent years, legislative proposals have been introduced  in Congress, and in some cases enacted, 
that altered certain federal tax consequences resulting from the ownership of obligations that are similar to the Series 
2016A Bonds. In some cases, these proposals have contained provisions that altered these consequences on a 
retroactive basis. Such alteration of federal tax consequences may have affected the market value of obligations 
similar to the Series 2016A Bonds. From time to time, legislati ve proposals are pending which could have an effect 
on both the federal tax consequences resulting from ownership o f the Series 2016A Bonds and their market value. 
No assurance can be given that legislative proposals will not b e enacted that would apply to, or have an adverse 
effect upon, the Series 2016A Bonds.  For example, in connection with federal deficit reduction, job creation and tax 
law reform efforts, proposals have been and others are likely t o be made that could significantly reduce the benefit 
of, or otherwise affect, the exclusion from gross income of int erest on obligations like the Series 2016A Bonds.  
There can be no assurance that any such legislation or proposal  will be enacted, and if enacted, what form it may 
take.  The introduction or enactment of any such legislative pr oposals may affect, perhaps significantly, the market 
price for, or marketability of, the Series 2016A Bonds. 
Prospective purchasers of the Series 2016A Bonds should consult  t h e i r  o w n  t a x  a d v i s o r s  a s  t o  t h e  t a x  
consequences of owning the Series 2016A Bonds in their particul ar state or local jurisdiction and regarding any 
pending or proposed federal or state tax legislation, regulations or litigation, as to which Bond Counsel expresses no 
opinion. 
Tax Treatment of Bond Premium 
The difference between the principal amount of the Series 2016A  B o n d s  ( c o l l e c t i v e l y ,  t h e  “ P r e m i u m  
Bonds”), and the initial offering price to the public (excludin g bond houses, brokers or similar persons or 
organizations acting in the capacity of underwriters or wholesa lers) at which price a substantial amount of such 
Premium Bonds of the same maturity and, if applicable, interest  rate, was sold constitutes to an initial purchaser 
amortizable bond premium which is not deductible from gross inc ome for federal income tax purposes. The amount 
of amortizable bond premium for a taxable year is determined ac tuarially on a constant interest rate basis over the 
term of each of the Premium Bond s, which ends on the earlier of  the maturity or call date for each of the Premium 
Bonds which minimizes the yield on such Premium Bonds to the purchaser. For purposes of determining gain or loss 
on the sale or other disposition of a Premium Bond, an initial purchaser who acquires such obligation in the initial 
offering is required to decrease such purchaser’s adjusted basi s in such Premium Bond annually by the amount of 
amortizable bond premium for the taxable year. The amortization of bond premium may be taken into account as a 
reduction in the amount of tax-exempt income for purposes of de termining various other tax consequences of 
owning such Premium Bonds. Bondholders of the Premium Bonds are  advised that they should consult with their 
own tax advisors with respect to the state and local tax consequences of owning such Premium Bonds.  3 0 
Series 2016B Bonds 
INTEREST ON THE SERIES 2016B BONDS IS NOT EXCLUDED FROM GROSS I NCOME FOR 
FEDERAL INCOME TAX PURPOSES.  Except as described herein, Bond Counsel will express no opinion as to 
any other tax consequences regarding the Series 2016B Bonds.  H olders of the Series 2016B Bonds should consult 
their tax advisors with respect to the inclusion of interest on Series 2016B Bonds in gross income for federal income 
tax purposes. 
The following is a summary of certain anticipated United States  federal income tax consequences of the 
purchase, ownership and disposition of the Series 2016B Bonds b y certain persons.  The summary is based upon 
provisions of the Code, the regulations promulgated thereunder and rulings and court decisions now in effect, all of 
which are subject to change.  This summary is intended as a gen eral explanatory discussion of the consequences of 
holding the Series 2016B Bonds, limited to those persons who ho ld the Series 2016B Bonds as “capital assets” 
within the meaning of Section 1221 of the Code.  This summary d oes not purport to address all aspects of federal 
income taxation that may affect  particular investors in light o f their individual circumstances or certain types of 
investors subject to special treatment under the federal income  tax laws, including but not limited to financial 
institutions, insurance companies, dealers in securities or cur rencies, persons holding the Series 2016B Bonds as a 
hedge against currency risks or as a position in a straddle for  tax purposes, foreign investors or persons whose 
functional currency is not the U.S. dollar.  This summary does not address alternative minimum tax issues or the 
indirect consequences to a holder of an equity interest in a ho lder of the Series 2016B Bonds.  Potential purchasers 
of the Series 2016B Bonds should consult their own tax advisors  in determining the federal, state or local tax 
consequences to them of the purchase, ownership and disposition of the Series 2016B Bonds. 
As stated above, interest on the Series 2016B Bonds is not excl uded from gross income for federal income 
tax purposes.  Purchasers other than those who purchase the Ser ies 2016B Bonds in the initial offering at their 
principal amounts will be subject to federal income tax account ing rules affecting the timing and/or characterization 
of payments received with respect to such Series 2016B Bonds.  Generally, interest paid on the Series 2016B Bonds 
and recovery of accrued original issue and market discount, if any, will be treated as ordinary income to the 
Bondholder, and, after adjustment for the foregoing, principal payments will be treated as a return of capital. 
Market Discount 
If a bondholder purchases the Series 2016B Bonds in the seconda ry market for an amount that is less than 
the adjusted issue price of the Series 2016B Bonds, and such di fference is not considered to be de minimis, then 
such discount will represent mark et discount.  Absent an electi on to accrue market discount currently, upon a sale, 
exchange or other disposition of the Series 2016B Bonds, a portion of any gain will be ordinary income to the extent 
it represents the amount of any such market discount that was a cc rue d t hr ough the dat e of t he sale.  In a ddition,  
absent an election to accrue market discount currently, the portion of any interest expense intended to carry a market 
discount bond is limited.  Such bondholders should consult thei r own tax advisors with respect to whether or not 
they should elect to accrue market discount currently, the determination and treatment of market discount for federal 
income tax purposes and the state and local tax consequences of owning such Series 2016B Bonds. 
Tax Treatment of Bond Premium for the Series 2016B Bonds 
If a bondholder purchases a Serie s 2016B Bond at a cost greater  than its principal amount, the bondholder 
may elect to treat such excess as amortizable bond premium.  As  the tax accounting treatment of bond premium is 
complex, such bondholders should consult their own tax advisors with respect to whether or not they should elect to 
amortize such premium under Section 171 of the Code. 
Sale, Exchange or Redemption 
Upon a sale, exchange or redemption of the Series 2016B Bonds, bondholders will generally realize a 
capital gain or loss on the Series 2016B Bonds equal to the dif ference between the amount realized on the sale, 
exchange or retirement (less any accrued qualified stated interest which will be taxable as such) and the 
bondholder’s adjusted tax basis on the Series 2016B Bonds.  The  bondholder’s adjusted tax basis for the Series 
2 0 1 6 B  B o n d s  i s  t h e  p r i c e  s u c h  o w ner pays for the Series 2016B B onds plus the amount of any original issue 
discount and market discount previously included in income, red uced on account of any payments received (other  3 1 
than qualified periodic interest payments) and any amortized bo nd premium.  The legal defeasance of the Series 
2016B Bonds may result in a deemed sale or exchange of such bonds under certain circumstances, in which event an 
owner of the Series 2016B Bonds will also recognize taxable gain or loss as described above.  Owners of such Series 
2016B Bonds should consult their tax advisors as to the federal income tax consequences of such an event.  
Information Reporting and Backup Withholding 
The Code subjects certain non-corporate owners of Series 2016B Bonds, under certain circumstances, to 
“backup withholding” at the rate specified in the Code with res pect to payments on the Series 2016B Bonds and 
proceeds from the sale of Series 2016B Bonds.  Any amount so wi thheld would be refunded or allowed as a credit 
against the federal income tax of such owner of Series 2016B Bo nds.  This withholding generally applies if the 
owner of Series 2016B Bonds (i) fails to furnish the payor such  owner’s social security number or other taxpayer 
identification number (“TIN”), (ii) furnished the payor an inco rrect TIN, (iii) fails to properly report interest, 
dividends, or other “reportable payments” as defined in the Cod e, or (iv) under certain circumstances, fails to 
provide the payor or such owner’ s securities broker with a cert ified statement, signed under penalty of perjury, that