Use of Proceeds.  The proceeds of the Series 2018A Bonds will be used to pay (i) a portion of the costs of the Authority’s DC Clean Rivers Project (as defined 
herein (the “Series 2018A Project”), and (ii) the costs of issuing the Series 2018A Bonds.  The proceeds of the Series 2018B Bonds will be used to (i) pay a portion of 
the costs of certain capital improvements to the System (the “Series 2018B Project”), (ii) repay the outstanding Series B CP Notes (as defined herein), and (iii) pay 
the costs of issuing the Series 2018B Bonds.  
Denominations and Interest.  The Series 2018A/B Bonds will be issued initially in denominations of $5,000 or any integral multiple thereof and will mature 
in the years and amounts and accrue interest from their date of delivery at the rates set forth on the inside cover page of this Official Statement.  Interest on the 
Series 2018A/B Bonds will be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months, payable semi-annually on each April 1 and October 1, commencing 
October 1, 2018.
Book-Entry Only. The Series 2018A/B Bonds will be issued in fully registered form in the name of Cede & Co., as nominee of The Depository Trust Company 
(“DTC”) under the book
-entry only system maintained by DTC or its nominee.  So long as Cede & Co. is the registered owner of the Series 2018A/B Bonds, the principal 
of and premium, if any, and interest on the Series 2018A/B Bonds will be payable by the Trustee to DTC, which will in turn remit such payments to its participants 
for subsequent disbursement to beneficial owners of the Series 2018A/B Bonds, as more fully described herein. See APPENDIX E – “DTC Book-Entry Only System.”
Redemption. The Series 2018A/B Bonds are subject to redemption prior to maturity, as more fully described herein.  See “THE SERIES 2018A/B 
BONDS – Redemption Provisions.”
Security.  The Series 2018A/B Bonds will be secured by a lien on and a pledge of Net Revenues and certain funds and accounts pledged under the Indenture 
that will be on a parity with the lien on and a pledge of Net Revenues and certain funds and accounts pledged under the Indenture that secure any Outstanding Senior 
Debt and other Senior Debt the Authority may issue from time to time in the future, all as further described and defined herein.  The Series 2018A/B Bonds will not 
be secured by a Debt Service Reserve Fund.  See “SECURITY FOR THE SERIES 2018A/B BONDS.”
Limited Obligation.  The Series 2018A/B Bonds shall be special, limited obligations of the Authority payable solely from the Net Revenues of 
the Authority.  The Series 2018A/B Bonds shall be without recourse to the District of Columbia (the “District”).  The Series 2018A/B Bonds shall 
not be general obligations of the District or of the Authority.  The Series 2018A/B Bonds shall not be a pledge of or involve the faith and credit or 
the taxing power of the District, shall not constitute a debt of the District, the United States of America or any User Jurisdiction (as defined herein) 
or any agency or instrumentality of any User Jurisdiction, and neither the District, the United States, any User Jurisdiction nor any agency or 
instrumentality of any User Jurisdiction shall be liable thereon.  The Series 2018A/B Bonds also shall not constitute the lending of the public credit 
for private undertakings as prohibited by the Home Rule Act (as defined herein).  The Authority has no taxing power.
Green Bonds.  The Series 2018A Project consists of a portion of the DC Clean Rivers Project.  The Authority has designated the Series 2018A Project as a 
“Green Project” and has designated the Series 2018A Bonds as “Green Bonds” based upon, among other things, an independent assessment of the DC Clean Rivers 
Project and of the Authority applying environmental, social and governance criteria. See “INTRODUCTION – Use of the Series 2018A/B Bond Proceeds.”
The Series 2018A/B Bonds are offered when, as and if issued by the Authority and received by the Underwriters (as defined herein).  Certain legal matters with 
respect to the issuance of the Series 2018A/B Bonds are subject to the approval of Squire Patton Boggs (US) LLP and Leftwich LLC, Co-Bond Counsel to the Authority.  
Squire Patton Boggs (US) LLP and Leftwich LLC also serve as Co-Disclosure Counsel to the Authority in connection with the preparation of this Official Statement.  
Certain legal matters will be passed upon for the Authority by its General Counsel and for the Underwriters by Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe LLP and McKenzie & 
Associates, Co-Underwriters’ Counsel.  It is expected that the Series 2018A/B Bonds will be available for delivery through the facilities of DTC in New York, New 
York on or about April 30, 2018.
GolDman  sachs  & c o . llc
Joint Bookrunner
barclays
Joint Bookrunner
BofA Merrill Lynch J.P. Morgan Loop Capital Markets Ramirez & Co.
This cover page, including the inside cover page, contains certain information for quick reference only.  It is not a summary of this Official Statement. 
Prospective purchasers must read the entire Official Statement to obtain the information essential to the making of an informed investment decision.
Dated:  April 17, 2018 
 - i -