USE OF PROCEEDS
Generally
Table 2 shows the estimated sources and uses of funds in connection with the issuance of the
Bonds:
TABLE II
Sources and Uses of Funds
Sources of Funds:
Principal Amount of Bonds $103,050,000.00
Net Premium 4,853,175.45
Total $107,903,175.45
Use of Funds:
Construction Fund Deposit $107,000,000.00
Costs of Issuance1 903,175.45
Total $107,903,175.45
____________________
1 Includes Underwriter’s compensation.
Source: Financial Advisor
The Project
The City expects to use a portion of the net proceeds of the Bonds to finance various
improvements to its Storm Drainage and Sanitary Sewerage Facilities citywide that are included in the
Six-Year Capital Improvement Plan established and adopted by the Enterprise (see “THE STORM
DRAINAGE AND SANITARY SEWERAGE FACILITIES–Storm Drainage Facilities–Planning” and
“THE STORM DRAINAGE AND SANITARY SEWERAGE FACILITIES–Sanitary Sewerage
Facilities–Planning”). Such projects generally include but are not limited to street interceptor and outfall
construction, general storm and sanitary improvements, and curb and gutter improvements.
In addition to the projects listed above, the City is currently undertaking improvements to its
Storm Drainage Facilities known as the Platte to Park Hill: Stormwater Systems Project (the “Platte to
Park Hill Project”) as described further below. The City also expects to use a portion of the net proceeds
of the Bonds to provide additional funding for the Platte to Park Hill Project.
The Platte to Park Hill Project is being conducted in coordination with the Six-Year Capital
Improvement Plan and generally consists of the construction and financing of improvements to the Storm
Drainage Facilities including but not limited to the designing, equipping, acquiring, constructing,
rehabilitating, renovating, relocating, reconstructing and replacing of certain major drainageways, major
outfall systems, open channels, detention, water quality, utilities, landscaping, lighting, maintenance
trails, local storm sewers, roadways, bridges, curbs, gutters and cross-pans and real property related
thereto. The City used a portion of the net proceeds of the Series 2016 Bonds to commence construction
of the Platte to Park Hill Project and currently expects to finish construction of the Platte to Park Hill14
Project with a portion of the net proceeds of the Bonds, along with other legally available funds as
described below.
The City is undertaking the Platte to Park Hill Project to increase protection against flooding
while also improving water quality and enhancing public spaces. Current plans for the Platte to Park Hill
Project focus in particular on the northern City neighborhoods of Elyria, Swansea, Cole, Clayton,
Skyland, Whittier, Five Points, Northwest Park Hill and City Park. The Platte to Park Hill Project
generally consists of the four subprojects described as follows, including the Globeville Subproject, the
City Park Subproject, the 39th Avenue Subproject and the Park Hill Subproject. The City reserves the
right to modify or change its plans as and when it desires.
The Globeville Subproject generally consists of the redesigning of the Globeville Landing Outfall
and Globeville Landing Park adjacent to the South Platte River, including open channels and associated
pipes, in order to address drainage needs as well as to enhance park amenities (the “Globeville
Subproject”).
The City Park Subproject generally consists of the redesigning of City Park Golf Course in order
to upgrade its stormwater detention facilities, provide additional flood protection, as well as provide water
quality and golf course mitigation (the “City Park Subproject”).
The 39th Avenue Subproject is expected to include the construction of an open channel along
39th Avenue and associated pipes in order to reduce flood risk and improve water quality. It is also
anticipated that the construction along 39th Avenue will create new recreational open space in the form of
a multi-use trail (maintenance trail) between Franklin and Steele streets (the “39th Avenue Subproject”).
The 39th Avenue Subproject is also expected to include conduit installation from Franklin Street to Blake
Street, Steele Street to Jackson Street, Clayton Street to 40th Avenue and Monroe/Madison Street to 39th
Avenue.
The Park Hill Subproject is currently expected to include the construction of an additional
stormwater detention pond in the Park Hill Golf Course and associated pipes connecting into Holly Pond
as well as associated pipes connecting from the detention pond to outlet to existing downstream drainage
infrastructure in order to improve water quality and address drainage needs (the “Park Hill Subproject”).
The City currently expects to complete the Platte to Park Hill Project by 2020. The City
considers the Platte to Park Hill Project an essential project being undertaken in accordance with its 100-
year flood protection planning. In addition to the City’s contribution of capital improvement funds and
application of proceeds from the Series 2016 Bonds and the Bonds, the City has received and anticipates
further contributions from the Colorado Department of Transportation, the City’s Department of
Environmental Health, the Urban Drainage and Flood Control District (the “Flood Control District”) and
Denver Water. Due to the essentiality of these improvements, the City anticipates completing the Platte
to Park Hill Project independent of the receipt of these contributions. See “FINANCIAL
INFORMATION CONCERNING THE ENTERPRISE–Management’s Comments Concerning Financial
Performance of the Enterprise–Capital Improvement Plan.”
More information regarding the Platte to Park Hill Project can be found at the following web site
address: https://www.denvergov.org/content/denvergov/en/platte-to-park-hill.html. Inclusion of this web
site address in this Official Statement is not an incorporation by reference of any of the contents on the
website and is not a representation by the City or the Underwriter as to any of the content therein, and is
provided only for convenience.15
THE ENTERPRISE
The City by ordinance has designated the Enterprise as an “enterprise” within the meaning of the
State Constitution. See “LEGAL MATTERS—Constitutional Revenue, Spending and Debt Limitations.”
The assets of the Enterprise are owned by the City and the power to operate, maintain and control the
Enterprise is vested in the City’s Department of Public Works (the “Department”). The Enterprise is not
authorized to levy any taxes in connection with the Storm Drainage Facilities or the Sanitary Sewerage
Facilities, and changes to the rates, fees and charges collected by the Enterprise are set by City Council
acting by ordinance. The covenants and undertakings of the City with respect to the Bonds are covenants
and undertakings of the City, for and on behalf of the Enterprise.
The Enterprise has the authority to issue its own revenue bonds or other financial obligations in
the name of the City. The Bonds are being issued as special, limited obligations of the City, for and on
behalf of the Enterprise.