Use of Proceeds
The proceeds of the Series 2018C Bonds will be used for the following purposes:
/g120Approximately $323.5 million in proceeds from  the Series 2018C Bonds will be used 
to refund all of the City’s outstanding Series 2013A Bonds and pay costs of issuance 
associated with the Series 2018C Bonds.
1.3 Scope
This report summarizes the results of collaborative Department and PMST efforts to modify
capital project plans previously updated in the Series 2018A and Series 2018B Feasibility 
Study. The capital project plans reflect scheduli ng of wastewater collection projects enabled 
by the approval of the City’s Financial Capability-Based Schedule Extension Request in 
September 2012 by the U.S. District Court, Northern District of Georgia, the United States 
Environmental Protection Agency (USEPA) and United States Department of Justice 
(USDOJ). Project plans also reflect assessments of the adequacy of the System to meet 
requirements of the Federal Clean Water Act, the Georgia Water Quality Control Act, the 
Federal Safe Drinking Water Act, and the Georgia Safe Drinking Water Act.
Data sources reviewed during the course of this study included key reports and documents 
prepared by the City and the Department including:
/g120FY 2018–2023 revised Capital Improvement Program (CIP) encumbrance and projected 
expenditure schedule;
/g120Department’s FY 2018 budget and budgetary variance reports, as well as 
Comprehensive Annual Financial Reports (CAFRs) for FY 2012 through FY 2017 (where 
available);
/g120Department’s “Strategic Plan 2020: A One Water Vision”;
                                                      
4 The Rothstein Group, LLC – a component of Galardi Rothstein Group, LLC – is a Municipal Advisor registered with the 
Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board (MSRB) (MSRB ID: K0764) and Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) 
(Municipal Advisor SEC ID: 867-01397).
B-11 
1.0 INTRODUCTION
1-3
 
/g120Integrated Utility Plan. Draft, July 2014;
/g120Integrated Plan for the City of Atlanta, East Area Control Facilities National Pollutant
Discharge Elimination System (NPDES) Permit No. GA0037168
/g120Various other documents or financial reports prepared by the Department, the City, or 
the PMST regarding the performance of the System.
Engineering evaluations reported herein and in the Series 2018A and Series 2018B 
Feasibility Study are based on a number of facility assessments and master planning efforts 
conducted between 2011 and 2017, including perhaps most notably the integrated master 
plan drafted in mid-2014. Reported asset condi tion assessments are based on the same 
five-point condition definitions employed in the context of prior City bond issues (related to 
the System), provided in Table 1-1. The repor t reiterates engineering evaluations reported 
for the Series 2018A Bonds and Series 2018B Bonds that referenced prior, limited visual 
inspections of selected major above ground facilities operated by the City, interviews of key 
staff responsible for operation of facilities, and reviews of ongoing and planned capital 
improvements. No field-testing or detailed evaluation of facility maintenance records was 
performed to confirm scoring or to assign more refined condition scores. 
While the Department continues to reference prior facility condition assessments, its capital 
program reflects an evolution in focus from Consent Decree compliance to long-term 
sustainability. This evolution is reflected in capital project definition, cost estimation and 
prioritization – now informed by asset management and holistic water resource management 
principles. Priority projects not only reflect asset condition assessments but also 
opportunities to leverage new technologies or approaches (like green infrastructure and 
biosolids management). Project cost estimation has been revisited and updated to reflect 
emerging market conditions and project delivery requirements (e.g., site restoration).  Project 
prioritization, while retaining the primacy of Consent Decree compliance, has embraced 
opportunities to enhance sustainability—as evidenced by recent biosolids, nutrient 
harvesting and energy management initiatives.
Our financial evaluations have included an analysis of billing system data, updating of 
detailed revenue forecasting models, and revisions to the strategic financial planning model 
used to determine System rate revenue requirements. The strategic financial planning model 
forecasts all System cash flows, employing approved FY 2018 departmental operating 
budgets and recent forecasts of capital financing expenses funded through prior and 
anticipated revenue bond proceeds, low-interest Georgia Environmental Finance Authority 
(GEFA) loans, the 2018 Commercial Paper P rogram as described below), and operating
revenues. The resulting financial plan, which is reported on herein, was developed to ensure 
compliance with the applicable covenants of the City’s Master Bond Ordinance adopted on 
May 31, 1999 as thereafter supplemented (the “Master Bond Ordinance”).
Our updates also address several planned financial transactions that will marginally impact 
the Department’s overall debt portfolio. In par ticular, with support from a Rockefeller 
Foundation grant to facilitate transaction structuring, the Department is planning to issue a 
$13.3 million ($12.5 million net proceeds) Environmental Impact Bond under a pay-for-
B-12 
1.0 INTRODUCTION
1-4
 
performance model.5 As outlined in Section 7, the Department is planning to use its 2018 
Commercial Paper program to continue to facilitate capital project procurement and timing of 
re-entry into the credit market.  Lastly, the Department has applied for Water Infrastructure 
Finance and Innovation Act (WIFIA) loans to fund selected projects of regional importance 
for system resiliency.
TABLE 1-1
Condition Score Definitions
Condition 
Score Scoring Definition
1
Very Good. Sound physical condition. Asset likely to perform adequately without major work 
for 25 years or more for structures and for 10 years or more for mechanical or electrical 
assets.
2
Good. Acceptable physical condition. Minimal short-term failure risk, but potential for 
deterioration in medium- to long-term (10 years plus for structures and 5 to 10 years for 
mechanical and electrical assets). Only minor work required, if any.
3
Fair. Moderate deterioration evident for structures and deterioration beginning to be 
reflected in performance and higher maintenance for mechanical and electrical assets. 
Failure unlikely within next 2 years, but further deterioration likely and major replacement 
likely within 10 years for structures and within 5 years for mechanical and electrical assets. 
Minor components or isolated sections of the asset need replacement or repair now, but 
asset still functions safely at adequate level of service. Work required, but asset is still 
serviceable.
4
Poor. Failure likely in short-term. Likely need to replace most, or all, of asset within 2 years. 
No immediate risk to health or safety, but work required within 2 years to ensure asset 
remains safe. Substantial work required in short-term, asset barely serviceable.
5
Very Poor. Failed or near failure. Immediate need to replace most, or all, of asset. 
Component effective life exceeded and excessive maintenance costs incurred. A high risk of 
breakdown with serious impact on performance. Health and safety hazards exist which 
present a possible risk to public safety, or the asset cannot be serviced/operated without risk 
to personnel. Major work or replacement required urgently.
Source: Adapted by MWH Americas, Inc. from International Infrastructure Management Manual, Version 3.0, 2006.
1.4 Firm Qualifications
GRG, who has worked in close collaboration with the Department since 2003, produced this 
report for the City.6 GRG provides strategic financial and management consulting services to 
government agencies, public-private partnerships and special districts worldwide. GRG is the 
partnering of Galardi Consulting LLC, established in 1996 – a certified Woman-Owned and 
Emerging Small Business Enterprise; Stanger Consulting LLC established in 2012; and the 
Rothstein Group LLC established in 2007, located in Chicago, IL, and a Municipal Advisor 
registered with the Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board (MSRB). GRG has prepared 
strategic financial plans, conducted cost-of-service rate studies, and participated in consent 
                                                      
5 For more information on Atlanta’s planned EIB and pay for performance models for impact investing, see Case i3: 
Working Paper #1: Environmental Impact Bonds by David J. Nicola, MBA, Class of 2013, Duke University, The Fuqua 
School of Business, https://sites.duke.edu/casei3/files/2013/03/CASEi3_EIB_Report_FINAL-links.pdf accessed 
9/3/2018.  On Atlanta’s EIB, see for example. “Sharing Risks and Rewards, Water Finance & Management, June 18, 
2018 at https://waterfm.com/sharing-risks-rewards/ accessed 9/3/2018.
6 GRG, under a separate contract, serves as a sub-contractor of the Stantec/SG Joint Venture Program Management 
Services Team (PMST) responsible for various aspects of the City’s wastewater consent decree compliance program.
B-13 
1.0 INTRODUCTION
1-5
 
decree negotiations related to financial capabilities for numerous utilities throughout North 
America including Akron, OH; Halifax Regional Water Commission, Nova Scotia; Honolulu, 
HI; Northeast Ohio Regional Sewer District (Cleveland, OH); Salem, OR; Metropolitan St. 
Louis Sewer District, MO; Tucson, AZ and Winnipeg, Manitoba. GRG, through a contract 
with Chemonics International Inc., was also engaged in 2012 by the United States Agency 
for International Development (USAID) to participate in a national tariff study for the 
Government of Egypt’s Ministry of Housing, Utilities and Urban Development. GRG is 
supporting the Guam Waterworks Authorit y in ongoing water and wastewater system 
consent decree negotiations with USEPA. GRG also prepared the Municipal Advisor’s 
Report for the $1.785 billion Series 2013 Jefferson County Alabama Sewer Warrant is sue 
that enabled the county to exit from bankruptcy under a Plan of Adjustment confirmed by the 
U.S. Federal Bankruptcy Court in November 2013.  Most recently, GRG Principal Eric 
Rothstein served as Implementation Planning Program Manager for the creation of the Great 
Lakes Water Authority in Detroit, Michigan and as a member of the Flint Water Advisory 
Task Force appointed by Michigan Governor Rick Snyder in October 2015.
Two consulting engineering teams - BGR and JP2 - were engaged by the Department
between 2011 and 2014 to conduct various facility assessments and develop an integrated 
master plan for prospective rehabilitation and development of the System. These firms 
contributed the facility condition assessment information reported herein.
/g120BGR has provided engineering services on a variety of assignments to the City for 
over four years. BGR is a joint venture of Black & Veatch, Gresham, Smith & 
Partners, and Rohadfox Construction Control Services Corporation, bringing together 
the combined expertise, experience, and capacity of these industry-leading firms. 
/g120The JP2 Team has performed short- and long-term master plan activities for the 
water system. In addition, JP2 completed a short-term assessment of the Combined 
Sewer Overflow facilities and sewer lift stations. The JP2 team that completed the 
master plan consisted of three primary consultants - PRAD Group, Tetra Tech and 
River 2 Tap (R2T).
1.5 Capital Financing Strategy Refinement
The Series 2018C Bonds are part of an updated strategy for the Department’s debt portfolio 
and projected capital program financing. This refinement builds on the strategy outlined in 
the Series 2018A and Series 2018B Feasibility Study, updates assessments of System 
needs and funding options, and includes the impa