use of proceeds. BAM has been identified by the ICMA as an observer
organization that is active in the field of green and/or social or sustainability finance and is Climate Bond
Initiative approved verifier. The Credit Profile prepared by BAM for the 2019 Bonds will identify which
of the following GBP categories applies to the 2019 Bonds:
 renewable energy
 energy efficiency
 pollution prevention and control
 environmentally sustainable management of living natural resources and land use
 terrestrial and aquatic biodiversity
 clean transportation
 climate change adaptation
 sustainable water and wastewater management
 green buildings.
Each of the GBPs correlates to one of the following UN Sustainable Development Goals which
will also be included in the Credit Profile for the 2019 Bonds:
 clean water and sanitation
 affordable and clean energy
 sustainable cities and communities
 industry innovation and infrastructure
 responsible consumption and production
 climate action
 life below water11
 life on land
For projects under construction, the bond obligor has agreed to furnish annual information to
BAM on the status of the project until completion, which will be reflected in the BAM Credit Profile for
the 2019 Bonds.
The BAM GreenStar designation is based upon information obtained by BAM, which
information BAM believes to be reliable, at the time of the issuance of the 2019 Bonds. BAM does not
charge a fee in connection with the designation, does not perform an audit and undertakes no duty of due
diligence or independent verification of any information it receives. The designation is provided on an
“AS IS” basis. BAM makes no representation or warranty, express or implied, including, but not limited
to, the accuracy, results, timeliness, completeness, merchantability or fitness for any particular purpose
with respect to the designation. A complete description of BAM GreenStar, and its limitations and terms
of use, are available on BAM’s website https://buildamerica.com/greenstar and
https://buildamerica.com/terms-of-use and incorporated herein by reference. The BAM GreenStar
designation is determined solely by BAM; it has not been reviewed or approved by the City or the
Underwriters for the 2019 Bonds, and the City and Underwriters assume no responsibility for such
designation.12