use of proceeds of the Capital Improvement Bonds, and any 
earnings thereon, until such time as all the proceeds of the Capital Improvement Bonds are expended on 
EMMA. These updates shall be posted when the City posts its Disclosure Information on EMMA, and the City 
will no longer post such updates once all proceeds of the Capital Improvement Bonds have been expended and 
such expenditures have been reported on EMMA. Furthermore, the reporting related to the expenditures of the 
Capital Improvement Bonds will be provided on a voluntary basis and are not considered a part of the required 
Disclosure Information. 
5BOOK-ENTRY ONLY SYSTEM 
The Depository Trust Company (“DTC”), New York, New York, will act as securities depository for the Bonds. 
The Bonds will be issued as fully-registered securities registered in the name of Cede & Co. (DTC’s partnership 
nominee) or such other name as may be requested by an authorized representative of DTC. One fully-registered 
Bond certi/f_icatewill be issued for each maturity of each series of the Bonds in the principal amount of Bonds 
maturing on that date, and will be deposited with DTC. 
DTC, the world’s largest depository,is a limited-purpose trust company organized under the New YorkBanking 
Law, a “banking organization” within the meaning of the New York Banking Law, a member of the Federal 
Reserve System, a “clearing corporation” within the meaning of the New York Uniform Commercial Code, and 
a “clearing agency” registered pursuant to the provisions of Section 17A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
DTC holds and provides asset servicing for over 3.5 million issues of U.S.and non-U.S.equity issues, corporate 
and municipal debt issues, and money market instruments from over 100 countries that DTC’s participants 
(“Direct Participants”) deposit with DTC. DTC also facilitates the post-trade settlement among Direct 
Participants of sales and other securities transactions in deposited securities, through electronic computerized 
book-entry transfers and pledges between Direct Participants’ accounts. This eliminates the need for physical 
movement of securities certi/f_icates.Direct Participants include both U.S.and non-U.S. securities brokers and 
dealers, banks, trust companies, clearing corporations, and certain other organizations. DTC is a wholly-owned 
subsidiary of The Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation (“DTCC”). DTCC is the holding company for DTC, 
National Securities Clearing Corporation, and Fixed Income Clearing Corporation, all of which are registered 
clearing agencies. DTCC is owned by the users of its regulated subsidiaries. Access to the DTC system is also 
available to others such as both U.S. and non-U.S.securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies, and 
clearing corporations that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a Direct Participant, either 
directly or indirectly (“Indirect Participants”). DTC has a Standard & Poor’s rating of AA+. The DTC Rules 
applicable to its Participants are on /f_ile with the Securities and Exchange Commission. More information about 
DTC can be found at www.dtcc.com .
Purchases of Bonds under the DTC system must be made by or through Direct Participants, which will receive 
a credit for the Bonds on DTC’s records. The ownership interest of each actual purchaser of each Bond 
(“Bene/f_icial Owner”) is in turn to be recorded on the Direct and Indirect Participants’ records. Bene/f_icial Owners 
will not receive written con/f_irmation from DTC of their purchase. Bene/f_icialOwners are, however,expected to 
receive written con/f_irmations providing details of the transaction, as well as periodic statements of their 
holdings, from the Direct or Indirect Participant through which the Bene/f_icial Owner entered into the 
transaction. Transfers of ownership interests in the Bonds are to be accomplished by entries made on the books 
of Direct and Indirect Participants acting on behalf of Bene/f_icial Owners. Bene/f_icial Owners will not receive 
certi/f_icatesrepresenting their ownership interests in the Bonds, except in the event that use of the book-entry 
system for the Bonds is discontinued. 
To facilitate subsequent transfers, all Bonds deposited by Direct Participants with DTC are registered in the 
name of DTC’s partnership nominee, Cede & Co., or such other name as may be requested by an authorized 
representative of DTC. The deposit of the Bonds with DTC and their registration in the name of Cede & Co. or 
such other DTC nominee do not effect any change in bene/f_icialownership. DTC has no knowledge of the actual 
Bene/f_icial Owners of the Bonds; DTC’s records re/f_lect only the identity of the Direct Participants to whose 
accounts such Bonds are credited, which may or may not be the Bene/f_icialOwners. The Direct and Indirect 
Participants will remain responsible for keeping account of their holdings on behalf of their customers. 
Conveyance of notices and other communications by DTC to Direct Participants, by Direct Participants to 
Indirect Participants, and by Direct Participants and Indirect Participants to Bene/f_icial Owners will be 
governed by arrangements among them, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect 
from time to time. Bene/f_icialOwners of Bonds may wish to take certain steps to augment the transmission to 
them of notices of signi/f_icant events with respect to the Bonds, such as redemptions, tenders, defaults, and 
proposed amendments to the Bond documents. For example, Bene/f_icial Owners of the Bonds may wish to 
ascertain that the nominee holding the Bonds for their bene/f_it has agreed to obtain and transmit notices to 
Bene/f_icialOwners. 
6Redemption notices shall be sent to DTC. If less than all of the Bonds within an issue are being redeemed, DTC’s 
practice is to determine by lot the amount of the interest of each Direct Participantin such issue to be redeemed. 
Neither DTC nor Cede & Co. (nor any other DTC nominee) will consent or vote with respect to Bonds unless 
authorized by a Direct Participant in accordance with DTC’s Procedures. Under its usual procedures, DTC 
mails an Omnibus Proxy to the City as soon as possible after the record date. The Omnibus Proxy assigns Cede 
& Co.’s consenting or voting rights to those Direct Participants to whose accounts Bonds are credited on the 
record date (identi/f_iedin a listing attached to the Omnibus Proxy). 
Principal and interest payments on the Bonds will be made to Cede & Co., or such other nominee as may be 
requested by an authorized representative of DTC. DTC’s practice is to credit Direct Participants’ accounts 
upon DTC’s receipt of funds and corresponding detail information from the City on the payable date in 
accordance with their respective holdings shown on DTC’s records. Payments by Participants to Bene/f_icial 
Owners will be governed by standing instructions and customary practices, as is the case with securities held 
for the accounts of customers in bearer form or registered in “street name,” and will be the responsibility of such 
Participant and not of DTC (nor its nominee) or the City,subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements 
as may be in effect from time to time. Payment of the principal of and interest on the Bonds to Cede & Co. (or 
such other nominee as may be requested by an authorized representative of DTC) is the responsibility of the 
City, disbursement of such payments to Direct Participants will be the responsibility of DTC, and disbursement 
of such payments to the Bene/f_icial Owners will be the responsibility of Direct and Indirect Participants. 
DTC may discontinue providing its services as depository with respect to the Bonds at any time by giving 
reasonable notice to the City .Under such circumstances, in the event that a successor depository is not obtained, 
Bond certi/f_icatesare required to be printed and delivered. 
The City may decide to discontinue use of the system of book-entry transfers through DTC (or a successor 
securities depository). In that event, Bond certi/f_icates will be printed and delivered to DTC. 
The information in this Of/f_icial Statement under the caption “THE BONDS — Book-Entry Only System” 
concerning DTC and DTC’s book-entry system has been obtained from sources that the City believes to be 
reliable, but the City takes no responsibility for the accuracy thereof. 
The City cannot and does not give any assurances that DTC, or a successor securities depository,or Participants 
will distribute to the Bene/f_icialOwners of the Bonds: (i) payments of principal of or interest and premium, if 
any, on the Bonds; (ii) certi/f_icates representing an ownership interest or other con/f_irmation of bene/f_icial 
ownership interest in the Bonds; or (iii) redemption or other notices sent to DTC or Cede & Co., its nominee, or 
a successor securities depository, as the registered owner of the Bonds, or that they will do so on a timely basis, 
or that DTC or the Participants will serve and act in the manner described in this Of/f_icialStatement. 
The City will have no responsibility or obligation to any Participant, or any Bene/f_icial Owner or any other 
person with respect to: (i) the Bonds; (ii) the accuracy of any records maintained by DTC, or a successor 
securities depository, or any DTC Participant of any amount due to any Bene/f_icialOwner in respect of the 
principal or redemption price of or interest on the Bonds; (iii) the payment by DTC, or a successor securities 
depository, or any Participant of any amount due to any Bene/f_icial Owner in respect of the principal or 
redemption price of or interest on the Bonds; (iv) the delivery by DTC, or a successor securities depository,or 
any Participant of any notice to any Bene/f_icialOwner which is required or permitted to be given to owners of 
the Bonds; (v) the selection of which Bene/f_icial Owners will receive payment in the event of any partial 
redemption of the Bonds; (vi) any consent given or other action taken by DTC, or a successor securities 
depository as a Bondholder; or, (vii) the performance by DTC, or any successor securities depository, of any 
other duties as securities depository. 
7LITIGATION 
There are no legal or governmental proceedings pending or, to the best of the City’s knowledge, threatened, to 
restrain or enjoin the issuance, sale or delivery of the Bonds, or in any way contesting or affecting the authority 
for or the validity of the Bonds. 
Various cases and claims are pending against the City involving claims for money damages. These pending 
cases and claims are not unusual in number and amount. Based on the City’s past experience, resolution of 
these cases and claims should not have a material adverse effect on the /f_inancial position of the City. 
LEGAL MATTERS 
Legal matters incident to the issuance, sale and validity of the Bonds are subject to the approving opinion of 
Kennedy & Graven, Chartered, of Minneapolis, Minnesota, Bond Counsel. The form of the Bond Counsel opinion 
with respect to the Bonds is shown in Appendix B. The opinion will state that the Bonds are valid and binding 
general obligations of the City and that the City is required to levy ad valorem taxes on all taxable property 
within the City without limitation as to rate or amount, if necessary,to pay the principal of and interest on the 
Bonds when due.