Use of Proceeds  
 
 
The following sets forth the principal amount issued, total amo unt authorized, date of C ity approval, purpose and, 
statutory authorization for the current offering of Bonds: 
 
Statutory
Original Reference (General
This Bond Laws of Massachusetts), Date of 
Issue Purpose Authorization as amended Approval
7,180,000$     Energy Improvements 8,875,719 $      Ch.44, s.7(1) 6/28/2018
7,180,000$     
 
 
Tax Exemption 
 
In the opinion of Locke Lord LLP, Bond Counsel to the City (“Bond Counsel”), based upon an analysis of existing laws, 
regulations, rulings, and court decisions, and assuming, among other matters, compliance with certain covenants, 
interest on the Bonds is excluded from gross income for federal income tax purposes under Section 103 of the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”).  Bond Counsel is of the further opinion that interest on the Bonds will 
not be included in computing the alternative minimum taxable income of Bondholders who are individuals or, except as 
described herein, corporations.  B ond Counsel expresses no opin ion regarding any other federal tax consequences 
arising with respect to the ownership or disposition of, or the accrual or receipt of interest on the Bonds. The Bonds will 
not be designated as “qualified tax-exempt obligations” for purposes of Section 265(b)(3) of the Code.   
 
For taxable years that began bef ore January 1, 2018, interest o n the Bonds owned by a corporation (other than an S 
corporation, a qualified mutual  fund, a real estate investment trust, a real estate mortgage investment conduit, or a 
financial asset securitization investment trust) will be includ ed in such corporation’s adjusted current earnings for 
purposes of computing the alternative minimum taxable income of  such corporation.  The alternative minimum tax on 
corporations has been repealed for taxable years beginning on or after January 1, 2018. 
 
  19 
The Code imposes various requirements relating to the exclusion from gross income for federal income tax purposes of 
interest on obligations such as the Bonds.  Failure to comply with these requirements may result in interest on the Bonds 
being included in gross income for federal income tax purposes, possibly from the date of original issuance of the Bonds.  
The City has covenanted to comply with such requirements to ens ure that interest on the Bonds will not be included in 
federal gross income.  The opinion of Bond Counsel assumes compliance with these requirements.   
 
Bond Counsel is also of the opinion that, under existing law, i nterest on the Bonds is exempt from Massachusetts 
personal income taxes, and the Bonds are exempt from Massachusetts personal property taxes. Bond Counsel has not 
opined as to other Massachusetts tax consequences arising with respect to the Bonds.  Prospective Bondholders should 
be aware, however, that the Bonds are included in the measure of Massachusetts estate and inheritance taxes, and the 
Bonds and the interest thereon are included in the measure of c ertain Massachusetts corporate excise and franchise 
taxes.  Bond Counsel expresses no opinion as to the taxability of the Bonds or the income therefrom or any other tax 
consequences arising with respect to the Bonds under the laws of any state other than Massachusetts.  A complete copy 
of the proposed form of opinion of Bond Counsel is set forth in Appendix B hereto. 
 
To the extent the issue price of any maturity of the Bonds is less than the amount to be paid at maturity of such Bonds 
(excluding amounts stated to be interest and payable at least a nnually over the term of such Bonds), the difference 
constitutes “original issue discount,” the accrual of which, to  the extent properly allocable to each owner thereof, is 
treated as interest on the Bonds which is excluded from gross i ncome for federal income tax purposes and is exempt 
from Massachusetts personal income taxes.  For this purpose, th e issue price of a particular maturity of the Bonds is 
either the reasonably expected initial offering price to the pu blic or the first price at which a substantial amount of such 
maturity of the Bonds is sold to the public, as applicable. The original issue discount with respect to any maturity of the 
Bonds accrues daily over the term to maturity of such Bonds on the basis of a constant interest rate compounded 
semiannually (with straight-line interpolations between compoun ding dates).  The accruing original issue discount is 
added to the adjusted basis of such Bonds to determine taxable gain or loss upon disposition (including sale, redemption, 
or payment on maturity) of such Bonds.  Bondholders should cons ult their own tax advisors with respect to the tax 
consequences of ownership of Bonds with original issue discount , including the treatment of purchasers who do not 
purchase such Bonds in the original offering to the public at the reasonably expected initial offering price or, if applicable, 
the first price at which a substantial amount of such Bonds is sold to the public. 
 
Bonds purchased, whether at original issuance or otherwise, for an amount greater than the stated principal amount to 
be paid at maturity of such Bonds, or, in some cases, at the earlier redemption date of such Bonds (“Premium Bonds”), 
will be treated as having amortizable bond premium for federal income tax purposes and Massachusetts personal income 
tax purposes.  No deduction is allowable for the amortizable bo nd premium in the case of obligations, such as the 
Premium Bonds, the interest on wh ich is excluded from gross inc ome for federal income tax purposes. However, a 
Bondholder’s basis in a Premium Bond will be reduced by the amo unt of amortizable bond premium properly allocable 
to such Bondholder. Holders of Premium Bonds should consult their own tax advisors with respect to the proper treatment 
of amortizable bond premium in their particular circumstances. 
 
Bond Counsel has not undertaken to determine (or to inform any person) whether any actions taken (or not taken) or 
events occurring (or not occurring) after the date of issuance of the Bonds may adversely affect the value of, or the tax 
status of interest on, the Bonds.   
 
Although Bond Counsel is of the opinion that interest on the Bo nds is excluded from gross income for federal income 
tax purposes and is exempt from Massachusetts personal income taxes, the ownership or disposition of, or the accrual 
or receipt of interest on, the Bonds may otherwise affect the f ederal or state tax liability of a Bondholder. Among other 
possible consequences of ownership or disposition of, or the ac crual or receipt of interest on, the Bonds, the Code 
requires recipients of certain social security and certain rail road retirement benefits to take into account receipts or 
accruals of interest on the Bonds in determining the portion of  such benefits that are included in gross income.  The 
nature and extent of all such other tax consequences will depend upon the particular tax status of the Bondholder or the 
Bondholder’s other items of income, deduction, or exclusion.  B ond Counsel expresses no opinion regarding any such 
other tax consequences, and Bondholders should consult with their own tax advisors with respect to such consequences. 
 
Risk of Future Legislative Changes and/or Court Decisions. Legi slation affecting tax-exempt obligations is regularly 
considered by the United States Congress and may also be consid ered by the Massachusetts  legislature. Court 
proceedings may also be filed, the outcome of which could modif y the tax treatment of obligations such as the Bonds. 
There can be no assurance that legislation enacted or proposed, or actions by a court, after the date of issuance of the 
Bonds will not have an adverse effect on the tax status of inte rest on the Bonds or the market value or marketability of 
the Bonds. These adverse effects could result, for example, from changes to federal or state income tax rates, changes 
in the structure of federal or state income taxes (including replacement with another type of tax), or repeal (or reduction 20 
in the benefit) of the exclusion of interest on the Bonds from gross income for federal or state income tax purposes for 
all or certain taxpayers. 
For example, H.R. 1, signed into law on December 22, 2017, reduces the corporate tax rate, modifies individual tax rates, 
eliminates many deductions, and raises the income threshold abo ve which the individual alternative minimum tax is 
invoked, among other things. These changes may increase, reduce or otherwise change the financial benefits of owning 
state and local government bonds. Additionally, Bondholders sho uld be aware that future legislative actions (including 
federal income tax reform) may retroactively change the treatment of all or a portion of the interest on the Bonds for federal 
income tax purposes for all or certain taxpayers. In all such events, the market value of the Bonds may be affected and 
the ability of Bondholders to sell their Bonds in the secondary  market may be reduced. The Bonds are not subject to 
special mandatory redemption, and the interest rates on the Bonds are not subject to adjustment, in the event of any such 
change in the tax treatment of interest on the Bonds. 
Investors should consult their own financial and tax advisors to analyze the importance of these risks. 
Security and Remedies 
Full Faith and Credit.  General obligation bonds and notes of a Massachusetts city or town constitute a pledge of its full faith 
and credit.  Payment is not limited to a particular fund or revenue source.  Except for “qualified bonds” as described below 
(see “Serial Bonds and Notes” under “INDEBTEDNESS-TYPES OF OBLIGATIONS” below) and setoffs of state distributions 
as described below (see “State Distributions” below), no provision is made by the Massachusetts statutes for priorities among 
bonds and notes and other general obligations, although the use of certain moneys may be restricted. 
Tax Levy.  The Massachusetts statutes direct the municipal assessors to include annually in the tax levy for the next fiscal 
year “all debt and interest charges matured and maturing during the next fiscal year and not otherwise provided for [and] all 
amounts necessary to satisfy final judgments”.  Specific provision is also made for including in the next tax levy payments of 
rebate amounts not otherwise provided for and payment of notes in anticipation of federal or state aid, if the aid is no longer 
forthcoming. 
The total amount of a tax levy is limited by statute.  However, the voters in each municipality may vote to exclude from the 
limitation any amounts required to pay debt service on indebtedness incurred before November 4, 1980.  Local voters may 
also vote to exempt specific subsequent bond issues from the li mitation.  (See “Tax Limitations” under “PROPERTY 
TAXATION” below.)  In addition, obligations incurred before November 4, 1980 may be constitutionally entitled to payment 
from taxes in excess of the statutory limit. 
No Lien. Except for taxes on the increased value of certain property in designated development districts which may be 
pledged for the payment of debt service on bonds issued to finance economic development projects within such districts, no 
provision is made for a lien on any portion of the tax levy or any other moneys to secure particular bonds or notes or bonds 
and notes generally (or judgments on bonds or notes) in priority to other claims.  Provision is made, however, for borrowing 
to pay judgments, subject to the General Debt Limit.  (See “INDEBTEDNESS-Authorization Procedures and Limitations” 
below.)  Subject to the approval of the State Director of Accounts for judgments above $10,000, judgments may also be paid 
from available funds without appropriation and included in the next tax levy unless other provision is made. 
Court Proceedi