use of proceeds.  BAM has been 
identified by the ICMA as an observer organization that is ac tive in the field of green and/or social or sustainability 
finance and is Climate Bond Initiative ap proved verifier.  The Credit Profile prepared by BAM for the Bonds will 
identify which of the following GBP categories applies to the Bonds:  
 
 renewable energy 
 energy efficiency 
 pollution prevention and control  
 environmentally sustainable management of living natural resources and land use 
 terrestrial and aquatic biodiversity 
 clean transportation  
 climate change adaptation  
 sustainable water and wastewater management 
 green buildings. 
 
Each of the GBPs correlates to one of the following UN Sustainable Development Goals which will also be 
included in the Credit Profile for the Bonds:   
 
 clean water and sanitation 
 affordable and clean energy 
 sustainable cities and communities 
 
industry innovation and infrastructure 
 responsible consumption and production 
 climate action 
 life below water 
 life on land  
9 
 
 
For projects under construction, the bond obligor has agreed to furnish annual information to BAM on the status 
of the project until completion, which will be reflected in the BAM Credit Profile for the Bonds. 
 
The BAM GreenStar designation is based upon information obtained by BAM, which information BAM 
believes to be reliable, at the time of the issuance of the Bonds.  BAM does not charge a fee in connection with the 
designation, does not perform an audit and undertakes no duty of due diligence or independent verification of any 
information it receives.  The designation is provided on an “AS IS” basis. BAM makes no representation or 
warranty, express or implied, includ ing, but not limited to, the accuracy,  results, timeliness, completeness, 
merchantability or fitness for any particular purpose with re spect to the designation.   A complete description of 
BAM GreenStar, and its limitations and terms of use, are available on BAM’s website 
https://buildamerica.com/greenstar and https://buildamerica.com/terms-of-use and incorporated herein by reference.  
The BAM GreenStar designation is determined solely by BAM; it has not been reviewed or approved by the issuer 
of or the underwriter for the Bonds, and the issuer and underwriter assume no responsibility for such designation. 
 
Additional Information Available from BAM 
Credit Insights Videos. For certain BAM-insured issues, BAM produces and posts a brief Credit Insights video that 
provides a discussion of the obligor and some of the key factors BAM’s analysts and credit committee considered 
when approving the credit for insurance.  The Credit Insi ghts videos are easily accessible on BAM's website at 
buildamerica.com/creditinsights/.  (The preceding website address is prov ided for convenience of reference only.  
Information available at such address is not incorporated herein by reference.) 
Credit Profiles.  Prior to the pricing of bonds that BAM has been selected to insure, BAM may prepare a pre-sale 
Credit Profile for those bonds. These pr e-sale Credit Profiles provide information about the sector designation (e.g. 
general obligation, sales tax); a preliminary summary of financial information and key ratios; and demographic and 
economic data relevant to the obligor, if available. Subsequent to closing, for any offering that includes bonds 
insured by BAM, any pre-sale Credit Pr ofile will be updated and superseded by a final Credit Profile to include 
information about the gross par insured by CUSIP, maturity and coupon.  BAM pre-sale and final Credit Profiles are 
easily accessible on BAM's website at buildamerica.com/obli gor/.  BAM will produce a Credit Profile for all bonds 
insured by BAM, whether or not a pre-sale Credit Profile has been prepared for such bonds.  (The preceding website 
address is provided for convenience of reference only.  In formation available at such address is not incorporated 
herein by reference.) 
Disclaimers.  The Credit Profiles and the Credit Insights videos and the information cont ained therein are not 
recommendations to purchase, hold or sell securities or to  make any investment decisions.  Credit-related and 
other analyses and statements in the Credit Profiles and the Credit Insights videos are statements of opinion as of the 
date expressed, and BAM assumes no responsibility to upda te the content of such material.  The Credit Profiles and 
Credit Insight videos are prepared by BAM; they have not been reviewed or approved by the issuer of or the 
underwriter for the Bonds, and the issuer and underwriter assume no responsibility for their content. 
BAM receives compensation (an insurance premium) for the insurance that it is providing with respect to 
the Bonds. Neither BAM nor any affiliate of BAM has pu rchased, or committed to purchase, any of the Bonds, 
whether at the initial offering or otherwise.