Use of proceeds 
The definition of the Eligible Projects and of their su stainable objectives and benefits are a core element of 
Green/Social/Sustainable Bonds or Loans standards. Vigeo Eiris evaluates the definition of the Eligible Categories, 
as well as the definition and the relevance of the aimed su stainability objectives. We evaluate the definition of the 
expected benefits in terms of assessment and quantification.  In addition, we evaluate the potential contribution of 
Eligible Projects to the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals’ targets. 
Process for evaluation and selection 
The evaluation and selection process has been assessed by Vigeo Eiris regarding its transparency, governance 
and relevance. The eligibility criteria have been assessed regarding their explicitness and relevance vs. the intended 
objectives of the Eligible Projects. The identification and management of the ESG risks associated with the Eligible 
Projects are analyzed based on material issues considered in Vigeo Eiris’ ESG assessment methodology based on 
international standards and sector guidelines applying in terms of ESG management and assessment. 
Management of proceeds 
The rules for the management of proceeds and the allocation process are evaluated by Vigeo Eiris regarding their 
transparency, coherence and efficiency. 
Reporting  
Monitoring process and commitments, reporting commitments, reporting indicators and methodologies are defined 
by the Issuer to enable a transparent reporting on the proceeds allocation and tracking, on the sustainable benefits 
(output and impact indicators) and on the responsible management of the Eligible Projects financed by the issuance. 
Vigeo Eiris has evaluated the reporting framework regarding its transparency, exhaustiveness and relevance. 
 
VIGEO EIRIS’ ASSESSMENT SCALES 
Performance evaluation  Level of assurance 
Advanced Advanced commitment; strong evidence of 
command over the issues dedicated to achieving 
the objective of social responsibility. Reasonable 
level of risk managemen t and using innovative 
methods to anticipate emerging risks.
 
 Reasonable Able to convincingly conform to the 
prescribed principles and objectives 
of the evaluation framework
 
Good Convincing commitment; significant and 
consistent evidence of command over the issues. 
Reasonable 
level of risk management. 
 Moderate Compatibility or partial convergence 
with the prescribed principles and 
objectives of the evaluation 
framework
 
Limited Commitment to the objective of social 
responsibility has been initiated or partially 
achieved; fragmentary evidence of command 
over the issues. Limited to weak level of risk 
management.
 
 Weak Lack or unawareness of, or 
incompatibility with the prescribed 
principles and objectives of the 
evaluation framework
 
Weak Commitment to social responsibility is non-
tangible; no evidence of command over the 
issues. Level of insurance of risk management is 
weak to very weak.
 
   
  
/g9517/17 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Vigeo Eiris is an independent international provid er of environmental, so cial and governance (ESG) 
research and services for inv estors and public & private organizat ions. We undertake risk assessments 
and evaluate the level of integ ration of sustainability factors within the strat egy and operations of 
organizations.  
Vigeo Eiris offers a wide range of services: 
/g23 For investors:  decision making support covering al l sustainable and et hical investment 
approaches (including ratings, databases, sector  analyses, portfolio analyses, structured 
products, indices and more). 
/g23 For companies & organizations:  supporting the integration of ESG criteria into business 
functions and strategic  operations (including sustainable bonds, corporate ratings, CSR 
evaluations and more). 
Vigeo Eiris is committed to delivering client produ cts and services with high added value: a result of 
research and analysis that adheres to the strictest quality standards. Our methodology is reviewed by an 
independent scientific council and  all our production processes, fro m information collection to service 
delivery, are documented and audited. Vigeo Eiris has chosen to certify all its processes to the latest ISO 
9001 standard. Vigeo Eiris is an approved verifier for CBI (Climate Bond Initiative). Vigeo Eiris’ research 
is referenced in several international scientific publications. 
With a team of more than 240 experts of 28 dif ferent nationalities, Vigeo Eiris is present in Paris, 
London, Brussels, Milan, Montreal, Hong Kong, Casablanca, Rabat and Santiago.  
The Vigeo Eiris Global Network, comprising 4 exclusive research partners, is present in Brazil, Germany, 
Israel and Japan. 
 
For more information: www.vigeo-eiris.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] District of columbia Water anD seWer authority • Public utility suborDinate lien revenue bonDs, series 2019a (Green bonDs) anD series 2019b anD revenue refunDinG bonDs, series 2019D (feDerally taxable)