use of proceeds.  BAM has been identified by the ICMA as 
an observer organization that is active in the field of green and/or social or sustainability finance and is 
Climate Bond Initiative approved verifier.  The Cred it Profile prepared by BAM for the 2019 Bonds will 
identify which of the following GBP categories applies to the 2019 Bonds:   
• renewable energy 
• energy efficiency 
• pollution prevention and control 
• environmentally sustainable management of living natural resources and land use 
• terrestrial and aquatic biodiversity 
• clean transportation 
• climate change adaptation 
• sustainable water and wastewater management 
• green buildings. 
  
17 
Each of the GBPs correlates to one of the fo llowing UN Sustainable Development Goals which 
will also be included in the Credit Profile for the 2019 Bonds:    
• clean water and sanitation 
• affordable and clean energy 
• sustainable cities and communities 
• industry innovation and infrastructure 
• responsible consumption and production 
• climate action 
• life below water 
• life on land 
 
For projects under construction, the bond obligor has agreed to furnish annual information to 
BAM on the status of the project until completion, wh ich will be reflected in the BAM Credit Profile for 
the 2019 Bonds.  
The BAM GreenStar designation is based upon information obtained by BAM, which 
information BAM believes to be reliable, at the tim e of the issuance of the 2019 Bonds.  BAM does not 
charge a fee in connection with the designation, do es not perform an audit and undertakes no duty of due 
diligence or independent verification of any informati on it receives.  The designation is provided on an 
“AS IS” basis.  BAM makes no representation or warra nty, express or implied, including, but not limited 
to, the accuracy, results, timeliness, completeness, me rchantability or fitness for any particular purpose 
with respect to the designation.  A complete description of BAM GreenStar, and its limitations and terms 
of use, are available on BAM’s website https://buildamerica.com/greenstar and 
https://buildamerica.com/terms-of-use and incorpor ated herein by reference.  The BAM GreenStar 
designation is determined solely by BAM; it has not b een reviewed or approved by the issuer of or the 
underwriter for the 2019 Bonds, and the issuer and underwriter assume no responsibility for such 
designation.  
Additional Information Available from BAM 
Credit Insights Videos.  For certain BAM-insured issues, BAM produces and posts a brief Credit 
Insights video that provides a discussion of the obligor  and some of the key factors BAM’s analysts and 
credit committee considered when approving the cred it for insurance.  The Credit Insights videos are 
easily accessible on BAM’s website at buildamerica.co m/creditinsights/.  (The preceding website address 
is provided for convenience of reference only.  Inform ation available at such address is not incorporated 
herein by reference.) 
 Credit Profiles.  Prior to the pricing of bonds that BAM has been selected to insure, BAM may 
prepare a pre-sale Credit Profile for those bonds. Thes e pre-sale Credit Profiles provide information about 
the sector designation (e.g. general obligation, sales ta x); a preliminary summary of financial information 
and key ratios; and demographic and economic data relevant to the oblig or, if available. Subsequent to 
closing, for any offering that includes bonds insured by BAM, any pre-sale Credit Profile will be updated 
and superseded by a final Credit Profile to include information about the gross par insured by CUSIP, 
maturity and coupon.  BAM pre-sale and final Credit Profiles are easily accessible on BAM’s website at 
buildamerica.com/obligor/.  BAM will produce a Credit Profile for all bonds insured by BAM, whether or 
not a pre-sale Credit Profile has be en prepared for such bonds.  (The  preceding website address is 
provided for convenience of reference only.  Informa tion available at such address is not incorporated 
herein by reference.)  
18 
Disclaimers.  The Credit Profiles and the Credit Insights videos and the information contained 
therein are not recommendations to purchase, hold or se ll securities or to make any investment decisions.  
Credit-related and other analyses and statements in the Credit Profiles and the Credit Insights videos are 
statements of opinion as of the date expressed, and BAM assumes no responsibility to update the content 
of such material.  The Credit Profiles and Credit Insigh t videos are prepared by BAM; they have not been 
reviewed or approved by the issuer of or the underwriter for the 2019 Bonds, and the issuer and 
underwriter assume no responsibility for their content.  
BAM receives compensation (an insurance premium) for the insurance that it is providing with 
respect to the 2019 Bonds. Neither BAM nor any affiliate of BAM has purchased, or committed to 
purchase, any of the 2019 Bonds, whether at the initial offering or otherwise.