of Proceeds. The City shall not take any acti on, or fail to take any action,  if any such action 
or failure to take action would cause the Certificates to be “p rivate activity bonds” within the meaning of 
Section 141 of the Code, and in furtherance thereof, shall not make any use of the proceeds of the 
Certificates or any of the property financed or refinanced with proceeds of the Certificates, or any portion 
thereof, or any other funds of the City, that would cause the Certificates to be “private activity bonds” 
within the meaning of Section 141 of the Code.  To that end, so  long as any Certificates are outstanding, 
the City, with respect to such proceeds and property and such o ther funds, will comply with applicable 
requirements of the Code and all regulations of the United Stat es Department of the Treasury issued 
thereunder, to the extent such requirements are, at the time, a pplicable and in effect.  The City shall 
establish reasonable procedures necessary to ensure continued compliance with Section 141 of the Code 
and the continued qualification of the Certificates as “governmental bonds.”   
Arbitrage. The City shall not, directly or indirectly, use or permit the u se of any proceeds of any 
Certificates, or of any property financed or refinanced thereby , or other funds of the City, or take or omit 
to take any action, that would cause the Certificates to be “ar bitrage bonds” within the meaning of 
Section 148 of the Code.  To that end, the City shall comply with all requirements of Section 148 of the 
Code and all regulations of the United States Department of the Treasury issued thereunder to the extent 
such requirements are, at the time, in effect and applicable to the Certificates.   
Federal Guarantee. The City shall not make any use of the proceeds of the Certific ates or any 
other funds of the City, or take or omit to take any other acti on, that would cause the Certificates to be 
“federally guaranteed” within the meaning of Section 149(b) of the Code.   
 
  C-22 
Compliance with Tax Certificate;  Survival of Tax Covenants. In furtherance of the foregoing tax 
covenants of the Trust Agreement, the City covenants that it wi ll comply with the provisions of the Tax 
Certificate, which is incorporated in the Trust  Agreement as if fully set forth in the Trust  Agreement, 
and the tax covenants in the Lease Agreement. These covenants s hall survive payment in full or 
defeasance of the Certificates.   
Performance.  The City shall faithfully observe all covenants and other pr ovisions contained in 
the Financing Documents to which it is a party. 
Prosecution and Defense of Suits .  The City shall promptly take such action as may be 
necessary to cure any defect in the title to the Leased Propert y or any part thereof, whether now existing 
or thereafter occurring, and shall prosecute and defend all such suits, actions and all other proceedings as 
may be appropriate for such purpose. 
Events of Default   
 Events of Default. Any one or more of the following events are an “Event of Defa ult” under the 
Trust Agreement: 
 (a) the City defaults under the Lease Agreement; or  
 (b) the City breaches any other provision of the Lease Agreeme nt or fails to observe or perform 
any covenant, condition or agreement on its part to be observed  or performed under the Trust Agreement, 
other than such failure as may constitute an Event of Default u nder clause (a) of that provision, for a 
period of 60 days after written notice, specifying such failure  and requesting that it be remedied, has been 
given to the City by the Trustee or to the City and the Trustee by the Owners of not less than a majority in 
aggregate principal amount of the Certificates then Outstanding , provided, that failure to comply with the 
Continuing Disclosure Certificate shall not constitute an Event  of Default under the Trust Agreement; 
provided, further, however, if the  failure stated in the notice  cannot be corrected within such 60-day 
period, then such period will be extended so long as corrective  action is instituted by the City within such 
period and diligently pursued until the default is corrected, b ut only if such extension would not 
materially adversely affect the interest of any Owner. 
Remedies on Default.  Upon the occurrence and continuance of any Event of Default specified in 
the Trust Agreement, the Trustee shall proceed, or upon the occ urrence and continuance of any other 
Event of Default under the Trust Agreement, the Trustee may pro ceed (and upon written request of the 
Owners of not less than a majority of the aggregate principal a mount of the Certificates then Outstanding, 
shall proceed) to exercise the remedies set forth in the Lease Agreement to the extent an Event of Default 
has occurred under the Lease Agreement. 
Notice of Events of Default .   I f  a n  E v e n t  o f  D e f a u l t  o c c u r s  u n d e r  t h e  T r u s t  A g r e e m e n t ,  t h e 
Trustee shall give notice, at the expense of the City of such E vent of Default to the Owners.  Such notice 
shall state that an Event of Default has occurred and shall pro vide a brief description of such Event of 
Default.  The Trustee in its discretion may withhold notice if it deems it in the best interests of the 
Owners.  The notice provided for in that provision of the Trust  Agreement shall be given by first-class 
mail, postage prepaid, to the Owners within 30 days of the Trus tee’s receipt of knowledge of the 
occurrence of such Event of Default. 
No Remedy Exclusive .  No remedy conferred upon or reserved to the Trustee under th e Trust 
Agreement is intended to be exclusive and every such remedy shall be cumulative and shall be in addition 
to every other remedy given under the Trust Agreement, or now o r thereafter existing at law or in equity.   C-23 
No delay or omission to exercise any right or power accruing up on any Event of Default shall be 
construed to be a waiver thereof, but any such right and power may be exercised from time to time and as 
often as may be deemed expedient.  In order to entitle the Trus tee or the Owners to exercise any remedy 
reserved to it or them, it shall not be necessary to give any notice other than such notice as may be 
required in the Trust Agreement or by law. 
Action by Owners.  If the Trustee fails to take any action to eliminate an Even t of Default under 
the Trust Agreement, the Owners of not less than a majority of the aggregate principal amount of the 
Certificates then Outstanding may institute suit, action, manda mus or other proceeding in equity or at law 
for the protection or enforcement of any right under the Trust Agreement, but only if such Owners shall 
have first made written request of the Trustee after the right to exercise such powers or right of action 
shall have arisen, and shall have afforded the Trustee a reason able opportunity either to proceed to 
exercise the powers granted therein or in the Trust  Agreement or otherwise granted by law or to institute 
such action, suit or proceeding in its name, and unless, also, the Trustee shall have been offered security 
and indemnity satisfactory to it against the costs, expenses and liabilities to be incurred therein or thereby, 
and the Trustee shall have refused or neglected to comply with such request within a reasonable time. 
 Notwithstanding any other provision in the Trust Agreement, th e right of any Owner to receive 
principal and interest in accordance with the terms of his or h er Certificate or to institute suit for the 
enforcement of any such payment on or after such payments becom e due shall not be impaired or affected 
without the consent of such Owner. 
Application of Proceeds in Event of Default.  Except to the extent necessary to compensate the 
Trustee for its reasonable fees and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and expenses) and to 
pay all principal of and interest then due and unpaid with resp ect to all Outstanding Certificates, all 
damages or other payments received by the Trustee from the enfo rcement of any rights and powers of the 
Trustee under the Trust Agreement or the Lease Agreement shall be deposited by the Trustee into the 
Base Rental Fund and used first to pay interest with respect to  the Certificates and then to pay the 
principal with respect to the Certificates.  If the amount depo sited into the Base Rental Fund is not 
sufficient to pay all overdue interest payments, the amounts de posited shall be distributed pro rata to 
Owners on the basis of the amount of interest due and unpaid to  such Owners.  If the amount deposited 
into the Base Rental Fund is not sufficient to pay all overdue payments of principal, the amounts 
deposited shall be distributed pro rata to Owners on the basis of the amount of principal due and unpaid to 
such Owners.  
To the extent not required to b e deposited into the Base Rental  Fund pursuant to the immediately 
preceding paragraph, all damages or other payments received by the Trustee from the enforcement of any 
rights and powers under the Trust Agreement shall be applied as  follows in the order of priority indicated: 
(i) deposited into the Reserve Fund to the extent that the amou nt in the Reserve Fund is less than the 
Reserve Requirement; and (ii) any remaining amounts shall be de posited into and retained in the Base 
Rental Fund for application to the payments due with respect to  the Certificates on the next succeeding 
payment dates thereof. 
Miscellaneous 
Defeasance.  (a) If all Certificates shall be paid and discharged as prov ided in the Trust 
Agreement, then all obligations of the Trustee and the City und er the Trust Agreement with respect to all 
Certificates shall cease and terminate, except only (i) the obl igation of the Trustee to pay or cause to be 
paid to the Owners thereof all sums due with respect to the Cer tificates and to register, transfer and 
exchange Certificates pursuant to the Trust Agreement, (ii) the  obligation of the City to pay the amounts 
owing to the Trustee under the Trust Agreement, and (iii) the obligation of the City to comply with the  C-24 
Trust Agreement.  Any funds held by the Trustee at the time of such termination which are not required 
for payment to Owners, or for payment to be made to the Trustee  by the City, shall be paid to the City to 
the extent of any amounts owed to it as evidenced by a certificate of a City Representative and any excess 
shall be paid to the City.  
Any Certificate or portion thereof in an Authorized Denominatio n shall be deemed no longer 
Outstanding under the Trust Agreement if paid or discharged in any one or more of the following ways:  
 (i)  by well and truly paying or causing to be paid the princi pal and interest with 
respect to such Certificates which have become due and payable;  
 (ii)  by depositing with the Trustee, in trust, cash (insured at all times by the Federal 
Deposit Insurance Corporation or otherwise collateralized with Government Obligations) which, together 
with the amounts then on deposit in the Base Rental Fund and th e Reserve Fund and dedicated to the 
purpose is fully sufficient to pay when due all principal of, p remium, if any, and interest due with respect 
thereto; or 
 (iii)  by depositing with the Trustee, in trust, Defeasance Se curities in such amount as 
in the written report of a certified public accountant or other  financial consultant will, together with the 
interest to accrue on such Defeasance Securities without the ne ed for reinvestment, be fully sufficient to 
pay when due all principal, premium, if any, and interest with respect to such  Certificate to the 
Certificate Payment Date or earlier prepayment date thereof, notwithstanding that such Certificates shall 
not have been surrendered for payment.  
(b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, no deposit under clauses (a) (ii) or (a)(iii) above shall be 
deemed a payment of such Certificates unti