use of proceeds of the 
Governmental Bonds or any earnings thereon or portion thereof, by any person other than a governmental 
unit (as such term is used in Section 141 of the Code) in such manner or to such extent as would result in 
the loss of exclusion from gross income for federal income tax purposes of interest on the Governmental 
Bonds.  To these ends, so long as any Bonds are Outstanding, th e Department, with respect to such 
proceeds, earnings thereon and property and such other funds, w ill comply with applicable requirements 
of the Code and all regulations o f the United States Department  of the Treasury issued thereunder and 
under Section 103 of the Inter nal Revenue Code of 1954, as amen ded (the “1954 Code”), to the extent 
such requirements are, at the time, applicable and in effect.  The Department will establish reasonable 
procedures necessary to ensure continued compliance with the af orementioned Sections of the Code and 
the continued qualification of the portion of the Projects fina nced or refinanced with the proceeds of the 
Bonds. 
The Department will not, directly or indirectly, use or permit the use of any proceeds of any 
Bonds, or of any property refina nced thereby, or other funds of the Department, or take or omit to take 
any action, that would cause the Bonds to be “arbitrage bonds” within the meaning of Section 148 of the 
Code.  To that end, the Department will comply with all requirements of Section 148 of the Code and all 
regulations of the United States Department of the Treasury issued thereunder to the extent such 
requirements are, at the time, in effect and applicable to the Bonds. 
The Department will not make any use of the proceeds of the Bonds or any other funds of the 
Department, or take or omit to take any other action, that would cause the Bonds to be “federally 
guaranteed” within the meaning of Section 149(b) of the Code. 
In furtherance of the foregoing tax covenants, the Department c ovenants that it will comply with 
the instructions and requirements of the Tax Certificate, which  is incorporated in the Indenture.  These 
covenants will survive the payment in full or defeasance of the Bonds. 
Further Assurances .  The Department will make, execute and deliver any and all such further 
indentures, instruments and assurances as may be reasonably nec essary or proper to carry out the 
intention or to facilitate the performance of the Indenture and  for the better assuring and confirming unto 
the Owners of the Bonds of the rights and benefits provided in the Indenture.  
 C-24 
Continuing Disclosure.  The Department will comply with and carry out all of the pro visions of 
the Continuing Disclosure Certificate to be executed by the Department in substantially the form 
approved by the Resolution, as originally executed and as it ma y be amended from time to time in 
accordance with the terms thereof.  Any holder or Beneficial Ow ner of the Bonds may take such actions 
as may be necessary and appropriate, including seeking mandate or specific performance by court order, 
to cause the Department to comply with its obligations under th is provision.  Noncompliance with this 
provision will not be considered an “Event of Default” and will  not result in acceleration of the Bonds, 
and the sole remedy under the Continuing Disclosure Certificate  (or the Indenture) in the event of any 
failure of the Department to co mply with the Continuing Disclos ure Certificate will be an action to 
compel performance.  For the purposes of this provision, “Benef icial Owner” means any person which (a) 
has the power, directly or indirectly, to vote or consent with respect to, or to dispose of ownership of, any 
Bonds (including persons holding Bonds through nominees, depositories or other intermediaries), or (b) is 
treated as the owner of any Bonds for federal income tax purposes. 
No holder or Beneficial Owner of Bonds may institute such actio n, suit or proceeding to compel 
performance unless they will have first delivered to the Depart ment satisfactory written evidence of their 
status as such, and a written notice of and request to cure suc h failure and the Department will have 
refused to comply therewith within a reasonable time.