use of proceeds.  BAM has been identified by the ICMA as an observer 
organization that is active in the field of green and/or social or sustainability finance and as a Climate Bond 
Initiative approved verifier.  The GreenStar Credit Profile prepared by BA M for the Bonds will identify 
which of the following GBP categories applies to the Bonds:  
• renewable energy 
• energy efficiency 
• pollution prevention and control  
• environmentally sustainable management of living natural resources and land use 
• terrestrial and aquatic biodiversity 
• clean transportation  
• climate change adaptation  
• sustainable water and wastewater management 
• green buildings 
 
Each of the GBPs correlates to one of the following UN Sustainable Development Goals which will 
also be included in the GreenStar Credit Profile for the Bonds:   
• clean water and sanitation 
• affordable and clean energy 
• sustainable cities and communities 
• industry innovation and infrastructure  
 
14 
 
• responsible consumption and production 
• climate action 
• life below water 
• life on land 
 
The I ssuer makes no representation regarding the applicability of or suitability of the GreenStar 
designation. The term “GreenStar” is neither defined in, nor related to, the security documents relating to 
the Bonds. The GreenStar designation is solely for identification purposes and is not intended to provide 
or imply that the owners of the Bonds are entitled to any security other than that described in this official 
statement.  The Issuer is under no contractual or other legal obligation to ensure compliance with any legal 
or other principles relating to “GreenStar” designation. The Issuer has made no commitment to provide 
ongoing reporting or information regarding the designation or compliance with the GBPs.   
 
The BAM GreenStar designation is based upon an assessment by BAM at the time of the issuance of 
the Bonds and such designation by BAM reflects only the views of BAM. BAM does not charge a fee in 
connection with the designation, does not perform an audit and undertakes no duty of due diligence or 
independent verification of any information it receives. The designation is provided on an “AS IS” basis 
and is based on BAM’s own investigation, studies, assumptions, and cr iteria using its reasonable best 
efforts. In issuing its G reenStar designation, BAM has assumed and relied upon the accuracy and 
completeness of the information made publicly available by the Issuer or that was otherwise made available 
to BAM.  BAM makes no representation or warranty, express or implied, including, but not limited to, the 
accuracy, results, timeliness, completeness, merchantability or fitness for any particular purpose with 
respect to the designation.   A complete description of BAM GreenSt ar, and its limitations and terms of 
use,  are available o n BAM’s website https://buildamerica.com/greenstar
 and 
https://buildamerica.com/terms-of-use and incorporated herein by reference.  The BAM GreenStar 
designation is determined solely by BAM; it has not been reviewed or approved by the issuer of or the 
underwriter for the Bonds, and the issuer and underwriter assume no responsibility for such designation. 
 
BAM’s GreenStar designation does not and is not intended to make any representation or give any 
assurance with respect to any other matter relating to the Bonds and is not a recommendation to any person 
to purchase, hold, or sell the Bonds. Such l abeling does not address the market price, marketability or 
suitability of these Bonds for a particular investor.   There is no assurance that the designation will be 
retained for any given period of time or that the designation will not be revised, suspe nded, or withdrawn 
by BAM if, in its judgment, circumstances so warrant.  
 
Additional Information Available from BAM 
Credit Insights Videos. For certain BAM-insured issues, BAM produces and posts a brief Credit 
Insights video that provides a discussion of t he obligor and some of the key factors BAM’s analysts and 
credit committee considered when approving the credit for insurance.  The Credit Insights videos are easily 
accessible on BAM's website at http://www.buildamerica.com/videos.  (The preceding website address is 
provided for convenience of reference only.  Information available at such address is not incorporated herein 
by reference.) 
Credit Profiles.  Prior to the pricing of bonds that BAM has been se lected to insure, BAM may 
prepare a pre-sale Credit Profile for those bonds. These pre-sale Credit Profiles provide information about 
the sector designation (e.g. general obligation, sales tax); a prelimina ry summary of financial information 
and key ratios ; and demographic and economic data relevant to the obligor, if available. Subsequent to 
closing, for any offering that includes bonds insured by BAM, any pre -sale Credit Profile will be updated 
and superseded by a final  Credit Profile to include information about the gross par insured by CUSIP, 
maturity and coupon.  BAM pre -sale and final Credit Profiles are easily accessible on BAM's website at  
 
15 
 
www.buildamerica.com/credit-profiles.  BAM will produce a Credit Profile for all bonds insured by BAM, 
whether or not a pre-sale Credit Profile has been prepared for such bonds.  (The preceding website address 
is provided for convenience of reference only.  I nformation available at such address is not incorporated 
herein by reference.) 
Disclaimers.  The Credit Profiles and the Credit Insights videos and the  information contained 
therein are not recommendations to purchase, hold or sell securities or to make an y investment 
decisions.  Credit-related and other  analyses and statements in the Credit Profiles and the Credit 
Insights videos are statements of opinion as of the date expressed, and BAM assumes no respons ibility to 
update the content of such material.  The Credit Profiles and Credit Insight videos are prepared by BAM; 
they have not been reviewed or approved by the issuer of or the underwriter for the Bonds, and the issuer 
and underwriter assume no responsibility for their content. 
BAM receives compensatio n (an insurance premium) for the insurance that it is providing with 
respect to the Bonds. Neither BAM nor any affiliate of BAM has purchased, or committed to purchase, any 
of the Bonds, whether at the initial offering or otherwise. 
 
BOND RATING 
 
S&P Global Ratings 
 
 S&P Global Ratings, acting through Standard & Poor’s Financial Services, LLC. (“S&P”), has 
assigned, as of the date of delivery of the Bonds, its municipal bond rating of "AA" (stable outlook) to the 
Bonds with the understanding that the scheduled payment of principal and interest on the Bonds when due 
will be guaranteed under an insurance policy to be issued concurrently with the delivery of the Bonds. See 
"BOND INSURANCE" and "APPENDIX I – Specimen Municipal Bond Insurance Policy" herein.  
 
S&P Global Ratings (hereafter “S&P”), will also assign, as of the date of delivery, a n underlying 
municipal bond rating of “A+” to the Bonds.  
 
The City furnished certain materials and information in addition to that provided herein. The rating 
is the sole v iew of S&P and is based on S&P’s own research, analysis, and methodologies. There is no 
assurance that such rating will prevail for any given period of time or that it will not be revised downward 
or withdrawn entirely by such rating agency if, in its judg ment, circumstances so warrant. Any such 
downward revision or withdrawal of such rating may have an adverse effect on  the market price of the 
Bonds. Additional information is available upon request from S&P Global Ratings, 55 Water St., New 
York, NY 10014, (212) 438-1000. 
 
 
TAX MATTERS 
General 
 
 It is the opinion of Clark Hill, PLC. Bond Counsel, that under existing federal statutes, decisions, 
regulations and rulings , interest on the Bonds is excludable from gross income for federal income tax 
purposes. Interest on the Bonds is not an item of tax preference for purposes of the federal alternative 
minimum tax. The opinion set forth above is subject to the condition that the Issuer comply with all 
requirements of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), that must be satisfied 
subsequent to the issuance of the Bonds in order that interest thereon be (or continue to be) excluded from 
gross income for federal income tax purposes. Failure to comply with certain of such requirements could 
cause the interest on the Bonds to be so included in gross income retroactive to the date of issuance of the  
 
16 
 
Bonds. The Issuer has covenanted to comply with all such requirements. We express no opinion regarding 
other federal tax consequences arising with respect to the Bonds. 
The Bonds have been designated as “Qualified Tax- Exempt Obligations” within the meaning of 
Section 265(b)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. 
 Prospective purchasers of the Bonds should be aware that (i) interest on the Bonds is include d in 
the effectively connected earnings and profits of certain foreign corporations for purposes of calculating 
the branch profits tax imposed by Sect ion 884 of the Code, (ii) interest on the Bonds may be subject to a 
tax on excess net passive income of certain S Corporations imposed by Section 1375 of the Code, (iii) 
interest on the Bonds is included in the calculation of modified adjusted gross income  for purposes of 
determining taxability of social security or railroad retirement benefits, (iv) the receipt of interest on the 
Bonds by life insurance companies may affect the federal tax liability of such companies, (v) in the case of 
property and casual ty insurance companies, the amount of certain loss deductions otherwise allowed is 
reduced by a specific p ercentage of, among other things, interest on the Bonds, (vi) registered owners 
acquiring the Bonds subsequent to initial issuance will generally be r equired to treat market discount 
recognized under Section 1276 of the Code as ordinary taxable income, (vii) the receipt or accrual of interest 
on the Bonds may cause disallowance of the earned income credit under Section 32 of the Code, (viii) 
interest on the Bonds is subject to backup withholding under Section 3406 of the Code in the case of 
registered owners that have not reported a taxpayer identification number and are not otherwise exempt 
from backup withholding, and (ix) registered owners of the Bonds may not deduct interest on indebtedness 
incurred or continued to purchase or carry the Bonds, and financial institutions may not deduct that portion 
of their interest expense allocated to interest on the Bonds; however, financial institutions are not required 
to allocate a portion of their interest expense to interest on the Bonds under Section 265(b)(2) of the Code. 
 
Tax Treatment of Accruals on Original Issue Discount Bonds 
 
 For federal income tax purposes, the difference between the initial offering prices to the public 
(excluding bond houses and brokers) at which a substantial amount of the Bonds initially sold at a discount 
as shown on the cover page hereof (the “ OID Bonds ”) is sold and the amount payable at the stated 
redemption price at maturity th ereof constitutes “original issue discount.” Such discount is treated as 
interest excluded from federal gr oss income to the extent properly allocable to each registered owner 
thereof. The original issue discount accrues over the term to maturity of each such OID Bond on the basis 
of a constant interest rate compounded at the end of each six-month period (or shorter period from the date 
of original issue) with straight-line interpolations between compounding dates. The amount of original issue 
discount accruing during each period is added to the adjusted basis of such OID Bonds to determine taxable 
gain upon disposition (including sale, redemption, or payment on maturity) of such O