Use of Proceeds” executed by the SFP UC General Manager on behalf 
of the Commission in connection with the sale of the Indebtedness. 
2. After the proceeds of a series ar e Substantially Expended, the SFPUC General Manager will 
prepare and execute a certificat e showing the actual expenditure of proceeds at an allocation of 
Net Debt Service to New Regional Assets for a series of bonds w ill be used in the fiscal year in 
which the proceeds have been Substantially Expended and thereafter. 
3. The Wholesale Customers’ share of Net Annual Debt Service for t he New Regional Assets that 
are categorized as Direct Wholes ale will be 100 percent. (None of the projects in the WSIP are 
categorized as Direct Wholesale.)  The Wholesale Customers’ shar e of Net Annual Debt Service 
for all other New Regional Assets will be determined each year and will be equal to the Wholesale 
Customers’ Proportional Annual Use. 
4. If Indebtedness is issued by the SFPUC to refund the 2006 Reven ue Bonds, Series A or to refund 
any other long-term Indebtedness issued after July 1, 2009, the  Net Annual Debt Service 
attributable to proceeds used for refunding will be allocated o n the same basis as the Indebtedness 
being refunded. 
5. In addition to Net Debt Service, Wholesale Customers will pay a proportionate share of annual 
administrative costs associated with Indebtedness, such as bond  trustee fees, credit rating agency 
fees, letter of credit issuer fee s, San Francisco Revenue Bond Oversight Committee fees, etc., but 
only to the extent such fees are neither paid from proceeds of Indebtedness nor included in SFPUC 
operation and maintenance or administrative and general expenses. 
The 
Wholesale Customers shall pay the wholesale share of the ap propriation contained in the SFPUC 
annual budget for each year to be used to acquire or construct New Regional Assets. 
The Wholesale Customers’ share of the annual appropriation for revenue-funded New Regional Assets that 
are categorized as Direct Wholesa le will be 100 percent. The Wh olesale Customers’ share of the annual 
appropriation for all other revenue-funded New Regional Assets will be determined each year and will be equal to 
the Wholesale Customers’ Proportional Annual Use in each fiscal year. The amount appropriated in each fiscal year 
for the wholesale share of New Regional Assets shall be contributed to the Wholesale Capital Fund.  
 B-15 
Hetch Hetchy Enterprise Expenses 
There are two steps involved in determining the amount of the W holesale Customers’ share of Hetch 
Hetchy Enterprise expenses. 
1. The first step is to determine the Water Enterprise’s share of Hetch Hetchy Enterprise operation 
expenses, maintenance expenses, administrative and general expenses, and property taxes. 
2. The second step is to determine the Wholesale Customers’ share of expenses allocable to the 
Water Enterprise. 
The Water Enterprise’s share of Hetch Hetchy Enterprise expense s consist of 100 percent of Water-Only 
expenses and the Water-Related portion (45%) of Joint expenses. 
The Wholesale Customers’ share of the sum of the Water Enterpri se’s share of Hetch Hetchy Enterprise 
expenses shall be calculated by multiplying that dollar amount by Adjusted Proportional Annual Use. 
Wholesale Customers are also allocated a share of Hetch Hetchy Enterprise capital costs. The components 
of Hetch Hetchy Enterprise capital costs are as follows: 
1. The Water Enterprise will be assigned 100 percent of Net Annual  Debt Service attributable to 
acquisition and construction of New Hetch Hetchy Enterprise ass ets that are Water-Only and the 
Water-Related portion (45 percent) of Net Annual Debt Service o n New Hetch Hetchy Enterprise 
Joint assets. 
2. The Water Enterprise will be assigned 100 percent of capital ex penditures from revenues for New 
Hetch Hetchy Enterprise assets that are Water-Only and the Wate r-Related portion (45 percent) of 
such expenditures for new Hetch Hetchy Enterprise Joint assets. 
The Wholesale Customers’ share of the Net Annual Debt Service a nd revenue funded capital expenditures 
shall be calculated by multiplying that dollar amount by Adjusted Proportional Annual Use. 
Additional Agreements Related to Financial Issues 
The Wholesale Customers have no entitlement to any of the following sources of revenue to the SFPUC. 
1. Revenues from leases or sales of SFPUC real property. 
2. Revenues from other utility services such as the sale of electric power, natural gas and steam. 
3. Revenues from the sale of water to customers and entities other than the Wholesale Customers. 
4. Revenues earned from the investment of SFPUC funds other than f unds contributed by the 
Wholesale Customers to the Whole sale Revenue Coverage Reserve o r the Wholesale Capital 
Fund. Wholesale Customers are also entitled to the benefit of e arnings on proceeds of 
Indebtedness (through expenditure on New Regional Assets and /o r application to Debt Service) 
and to interest on the Balancing Account. 
5. Revenues not related to the sale of water. 
The Wholesale Customers will not be charged with any of the following expenses: 
1. Capital costs for assets constructed or acquired prior to July 1, 1984.  
 B-16 
2. Expenses incurred by the SFPUC for generation and distribution of electric power, including 
Hetch Hetchy Enterprise Power-Only expenses and the Power-Relat ed share of Hetch Hetchy 
Enterprise Joint expenses. An exception to this is Regional ene rgy costs incurred by the Water 
Enterprise, for which Wholesale Customers are charged on the basis of Proportional Annual Use. 
3. Expenses incurred by SFPUC in providing water to Retail Customers. 
4. Expenses associated with the SFPUC’s accruals or allocations fo r uncollectible Retail Water 
accounts. 
5. Attorneys’ fees and costs incurre d by the Wholesale Customers t hat a court of competent 
jurisdiction orders San Francisco to pay as part of a final, binding judgment against San Francisco. 
6. Any expenses associated with funding any reserves (other than t he required Wholesale Revenue 
Coverage Reserve) accrued and not anticipated to be paid within  one year unless such reserve is 
established by mutual agreement of the SFPUC and BAWSCA. 
7. Any expenses accrued in respect to pending or threatened litiga tion, damage or personal injury 
claims or other loss contingencies unless projected to be paid within one year. Otherwise, such 
expenses will be charged to the Wholesale Customers when actually paid. 
8. Any expenses associated with in stalling, relocating, enlarging, removing or modifying meters and 
service connections at the request of an individual Wholesale Customer. 
9. The Retail Customers’ portion of any Environmental Enhancement Surcharges imposed to enforce 
the Interim Supply Limitation. 
The following payments by Wholesale Customers, individually or collectively, are not credited as 
Wholesale revenues. 
1. Payments by individual Wholesale Customers of the Environmental  Enhancement Surcharge 
imposed to enforce the Interim Supply Limitation. 
2. Payments of attorneys’ fees and costs incurred by San Francisco  that a court of competent 
jurisdiction orders the Wholesale Customers to pay as part of a final, binding judgment against the 
Wholesale Customers. 
3. Payments by individual Wholesale Customers for installation, relocation, enlargement, removal or 
modification of meters and servi ce connections requested by, an d charged to, a Wholesale 
Customer. 
4. Payments applied to the amortization of the ending balance in the balancing account under the 
1984 Agreement. 
5. Payments of the Water Management Charge which are delivered to BAWSCA. 
6. Payments directed to the Wholesale Revenue Coverage Reserve. 
7. Prepayments of certain capital and revenues payment. 
The Wholesale Customers will r eceive a proportional benefit fro m funds received by the SFPUC from 
(a) 
governmental grants, rebates, reimbursements or other subventions, (b) private-sector grants for Regional capital 
or operating purposes of the Water Enterprise and the Water-Only and Water-related portion of Joint Hetch Hetchy 
Water Enterprise expenses, or (c) a SFPUC use of taxable bonds.  
 B-17 
The Wholesale Customers will r eceive a proportionate benefit fr om recovery of damages, including 
liquidated damages, by SFPUC from judgments against or settleme nts with contractors, suppliers, sureties, etc., 
related to Regional Water System projects and the Water-Only an d Water-Related portion of Joint Hetch Hetchy 
Enterprise projects. 
The SFPUC will continue to charge Wholesale Customers for asset s acquired or constructed with proceeds 
of Indebtedness on which Wholesale Customers paid Debt Service during the Term of the Agreement on the “cash” 
basis (as opposed to the “utility” basis) after the expiration or earlier termination of the Agreement. 
Rate Adjustments 
Adjustments to the rates applicab le to the Wholesale Customers,  other than emergency rate increases and 
drought rate increases, shall be coordinated with the budget development process described in the Agreement. 
The Commission may adjust the Wholesale Customers’ rates in response to an Emergency that damages the 
Regional Water System and disrupts San Francisco’s ability to m aintain normal deliveries of water to Retail and 
Wholesale Customers. In such an Emergency, the Commission may adopt an emergency rate surcharge applicable to 
Wholesale Customers without following the budgeting procedures set forth in the Agreement,  provided that any 
such rates surcharge imposed by the Commission shall be applica ble to both Retail and Wholesale Customers and 
incorporate the same percentage increase for all customers. Any  emergency rate surcharge adopted by the 
Commission shall remain in effect only until the next-budget coordinated rate-setting cycle. 
If the Commission declares a water shortage emergency under Wat er Code Section 350, implements the 
Tier 1 Shortage Plan and imposes  d r o u g h t  r a t e s  o n  R e t a i l  C u s t o mers, it may concurrently adjust wholesale rates 
independently of coordination with the annual budget process. T hose adjustments may be designed to encourage 
water conservation and may constitute changes to the structure of the rates. Drought Rate payments and payments of 
excess use charges levied in accordance with the Tier 1 Shortag e Plan constitute Wholesale Customer Revenue and 
count towards the Wholesale Reve nue Requirement. The SFPUC may use these revenues to purchase additional 
water for the Wholesale Customers from the State Drought Water Bank or other willing seller. 
Rate Structure 
The Agreement is not intended and shall not be construed to lim it the Commission’s right (a) to adjust the 
structure of the rate schedule applicable to the Wholesale Customers (i.e., the relationship among the several charges 
set out therein) or (b) to add, delete, or change the various charges which make up the rate schedule, provided that 
neither such charges nor the structure of the rate schedule(s) applicable to the Wholesale Customers shall be 
arbitrary, unreasonable, or unjustly discriminatory as among sa id customers. The SFPUC will give careful 
consideration to proposals for changes in the rate schedule mad e jointly by the Wholesale Customers but, subject to 
the limitations set out above, shall retain the sole and exclusive right to determine the structure of the rate schedule. 
The SFPUC may recommend, and the  Commission may adopt, changes in the structure of wholesale rates 
at any time. However, the new rate schedule implementing these changes will become effective at the beginning of 
the following fiscal year. 
Balancing Account 
After the close of each fiscal year, the SFPUC will compute the costs allocable to the Wholesale Customers 
for that fiscal year based on actual costs incurred by the SFPU C and actual amounts of water used by the Wholesale 
Customers and the Retail Customers. Tha