use of proceeds. Kestrel Verifiers relied on information provided by the Corporation and publicly available 
information. The Opinion delivered by Kestrel Verifiers does not address financial performance of the Green 
 
 
Industry, Innovation and Infrastructure (Target 9.1) 
Possible Indicators 
 Number of miles traveled on sustainable transport systems 
 Reduction in fossil fuel use as a result of bond-financed projects 
  
 
Sustainable Cities and Communities (Targets 11.2, 11.6) 
Possible Indicators 
 Number of individuals with access to public transportation  
 Avoided greenhouse gas emissions (tons CO2eq) 
 Avoided air pollutant emissions (other than greenhouse gases) 
 Number of avoided hospitalizations as a result of improved air quality 
 
 
Kestrel Verifiers | Second Party Opinion  4 
Bonds or the effectiveness of allocation of its proceeds. This Opinion does not make any assessment of the 
creditworthiness of the Corporation , or its ability to pay principal and interest when due. This is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold the Bonds. Kestrel Verifiers is not liable for consequences when third 
parties use this Opinion either to make investment decisions or to undertake any other business 
transactions. This Opinion may not be altered without the written consent of Kestrel Verifiers. Kestrel 
Verifiers reserves the right to revoke or withdraw this Opinion at any time. Kestrel Verifiers certifies that 
there is no affiliation, involvement, financial or non -financial interest in the Corporation or the projects 
discussed. Language in the offering disclosure supersedes any language included in this Second Party 
Opinion. 
Use of the United Nations Sustainable Development Goal (SDG) logo and icons does not imply United Nations 
endorsement of the products, services or bond -financed activities. The logo and icons  are not being used 
for promotion or financial gain. Rather, use of the logo and icons is primarily illustrative, to communicate 
SDG-related activities. 
  
Kestrel Verifiers | Second Party Opinion  5 
Appendix A.