Use of Proceeds Certificate. 
Based on the foregoing, we are of the opinion that: 
1. The City has the right and power to adopt the Authorizing Resolution and the Sewer 
Bond Resolution under the Act. 
2. The Authorizing Resolution and the Sewer Bond Resolution have been duly and lawfully 
adopted by the City, are in full force and effect, and are valid and binding upon the City and are 
enforceable against the City. 
3. The Sewer Bond Resolution creates the valid pledge which it purports to create of the 
Revenues (as defined in the Sewer Bond Resolution) and the moneys or securities in cer tain of the funds, 
accounts and subaccounts established under the Sewer Bond Resolution, subject to the application thereof 
to the purposes and on the conditions permitted by the Sewer Bond Resolution.  The Bonds are secured 
solely by such pledge.  The Bonds are not general obligations of the City, and the full faith and credit of 
the City are not pledged for the payment of the Bonds.  Neither the State nor any political subdivision of 
the State (except the City to the limited extent provided herein and in the Sewer Bond Resolution) is 
obligated to pay the principal of or premium or interest on any of the Bonds, and neither the faith and 
credit nor the taxing power of the State or any political subdivision of the State is pledged to the payment 
of the principal of or premium or interest on the Bonds. 
4. The Bonds are valid and binding limited obligations of the City enforceable in 
accordance with their terms and the terms of the Sewer Bond Resolution. 
5. All conditions required by the Sewer Bond Resolution precedent to the issuance of the 
Bonds have been met, and the Bonds have been duly and validly authorized and issued in accordance with 
the Act, the Authorizing Resolution and the Sewer Bond Resolution.   
6. Under existing statutes and court decisions, interest on th e Bonds is excluded from gross 
income for federal income tax purposes pursuant to Section 103 of the Code and interest on the Bonds is 
not treated as a preference item in calculating the alternative minimum tax under the Code. 
7. Under existing statutes, inte rest on the Bonds is exempt from the New Hampshire 
personal income tax on interest. 
The foregoing opinions are qualified to the extent that the enforceability of the Bonds, the 
Authorizing Resolution and the Sewer Bond Resolution may be limited by any applicable bankruptcy, 
insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, or other laws or equitable principles from time to time in effect 
relating to the enforcement of creditors’ rights generally. 
Attention is called to the fact that we have not been requested to exam ine and have not examined 
any documents or information relating to the City other than the record of proceedings hereinabove 
referred to, and no opinion is expressed as to any financial or other information, or the adequacy thereof, 
which has been or may be supplied to the purchasers of the Bonds. 
We express no opinion regarding any other federal, state or local tax consequences arising with 
respect to the Bonds or the ownership or disposition thereof.  We render our opinion under existing  
 
 
E-4 
 
statutes and court decisions as of the issue date, and assume no obligation to update, revise or supplement 
this opinion to reflect any action thereafter taken or not taken, any fact or circumstance that may 
thereafter come to our attention, any change in law or interpreta tion thereof that may thereafter occur, or 
for any reason.  We express no opinion as to the consequence of any of the events described in the 
preceding sentence or the likelihood of their occurrence.  In addition, we express no opinion on the effect 
of any action taken or not taken in reliance upon an opinion of other counsel regarding federal, state or 
local tax matters, including, without limitation, exclusion from gross income for  federal income tax 
purposes of interest on the Bonds. 
Very truly yours, 
 
  
 
 
F-1