use of proceeds from bonds, Wastewater System Commercial Paper Notes, and/or other indebtedness in the indicated 
fiscal year.  See “FINANCIAL OPERATIONS OF THE WASTEWATER SYSTEM—Outstanding Indebtedness.”   
(5) Reflects insurance proceeds received as of December 1, 2021 from the July 2021 sewerage overflow at the HWRP . See 
“REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS AFFECTING OPERATION OF THE SYSTEM – Wastewater Overflows. ” However, 
additional insurance proceeds may be received related to this event as the full cost of the claimed damages has not yet been 
completed. 
Source: Bureau of Sanitation 
 
Major Sources of Funding 
The following are the  primary funding sources available for the CIP: (i) System revenues, 
(ii) Wastewater Service Contracts, (iii) proceeds of debt issuances, (iv) recycled water capital contributions, 
and (v) federal and state grants and reimbursements. 
System Revenues derived from user fees will continue to  directly finance a portion of capital 
improvements. Wastewater Service Contract capital payments made under agreements or contracts with  
the 29 Entities include reimbursement for certain capital improvements and related engineering and contract 
administration costs. Debt financing (primarily commercial paper, revenue bonds and State and Fed eral 
loans) will provide the largest share of  funds required by the CIP. The City estimates that a total of 
approximately $1.4 billion of the CIP expenditures from Fiscal Years 2021-22  through 2025-26 will be 
financed through the issuance of bonds, notes or other forms of indebtedness.  
On September 23, 2021,  the City incurred a loan in the original principal amount of up to 
$223,921,010 (the “WIFIA Loan”) from the United States Environmental Protection Agency under the 
Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act for the AWPF project and three related projects at 
DCTWRP (collectively, the “DCTWRP AWPF Project”). The DCTWRP AWPF Project, anticipated to be 
substantially completed on September 30, 2027, will provide high quality recycled water for groundwater 
recharge. The City plans to draw on the WIFIA Loan up on the substantial completion of the DCTWRP 
AWPF Project. The WIFIA Loan is secured on parity with the Subordinate Bonds.  
In addition to the WIFIA Loan, the DCTWRP AWPF Project may also be funded with a loan of up 
to $266 million from a State Revolving Fund Loan (the “SRF Loan”), as specified in the 2020 -21 Clean 
Water State Revolving Fund Intended Use Plan published on June 16, 2020, with the remaining project cost 
funded by other debt and cash from Revenues. The City is currently working on the application process for 
the SRF Loan.