use of proceeds. Kestrel Verifiers relied on information provided by the 
Issuer and publicly available information. The Opinion del ivered by Kestrel Verifiers does not address 
financial performance of the Green Bonds or the effectiveness of allocation of its proceeds. This O pinion 
does not make any assessment of the creditworthiness of the Issuer , or its ability to pay principal and 
interest when due. This is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold the Bonds. Kestrel Verifiers is not 
liable for consequences when third parties use this O pinion either to make investment decisions or to 
undertake any other business transactions. This Opinion may not be altered without the written consent 
of Kestrel Verifiers.  Kestrel Verifiers reserves the right to revoke or withdraw this Opinion at any time. 
Kestrel Verifiers certifies that there is no affiliation, involvement, financial or non-financial interest in the 
issuer or the projects discussed. Language in the offering disclosure supersedes any language included in 
this Second Party Opinion. 
 
 
10 
 
 
APPENDIX A 
SDG Targets Defined: 
• Target 6.1: By 2030, achieve universal and equitable access to safe and affordable drinking water 
for all 
 
• Target 6.3:  By 2030, improve water quality by reducing pollution, eliminating dumping and 
minimizing release of hazardous chemicals and materials, halving the proportion of untreated 
wastewater and substantially increasing recycling and safe reuse globally 
 
• Target 6.4:  By 2030, substantially increase water -use efficiency across all sectors and ensure 
sustainable withdrawals and supply of freshwater to address water scarcity and substantially 
reduce the number of people suffering from water scarcity  
 
• Target 6.5: By 2030, implement integrated water resources management at all levels, including 
through transboundary cooperation as appropriate  
 
• Target 9.4: By 2030, upgrade infrastructure and retrofit industries to make them sustainable, with 
increased resource- use efficiency and greater adoption of clean and environmentally sound 
technologies and industrial processes, with all countries taking action in accordance with their 
respective capabilities 
 
• Target 12.2: By 2030, achieve the sustainable management and efficient use of natural resources