Use of Proceeds.” 
Although particular features of Prairie Waters have been successfully employed in other water 
systems, Prairie Waters is believed to be one of the largest and most innovative projects of its kind ever 
constructed in the United States using all of such features in a single plan.  The Core Project, as completed 
in 2010, was designed to immediately increase the City’s supply of raw water by 10,000 acre-feet annually.  
Prairie Waters can therefore supply approximately 20% of the City’s current demand.  It delivers as much 
as 16.67 million gallons of water to the City daily and is expandable to 50 MGD with additional 
infrastructure.  The current 20-year capital plan includes expanding Prairie Waters to 30 MGD.  Prairie 
Waters is the cornerstone of a water supply plan that is expected to help meet the City’s needs for decades.  
It also enables the City to generate third party revenues through a regional water supply project (the “Water 
Infrastructure and Supply Efficiency Partnership” or “WISE Partnership”) by putting the Prairie Waters 
Project to greater use in times when the full system capacity is not needed by City customers.  The WISE 
Partnership, with Denver Water and 11 water systems in the south metro area, allows regional sharing of 
water and infrastructure resources to meet future regional water supply needs. 
Out-of-City Water Deliveries 
As one of the largest water providers in the State, Aurora Water has the capacity to deliver 
substantial amounts of water by contract to public water systems outside the City limits, at negotiated rates, 
without impairing deliveries to in-City customers. 
The WISE Partnership.  The Prairie Waters Project enables the City to generate third party 
revenues through the WISE Partnership by putting Prairie Waters to greater use in times when the full 
system capacity is not needed by City customers.  The WISE Partnership is a regional water supply project 
among Aurora Water, Denver Water and the South Metro WISE Authority (“South Metro” collectively, the 
“WISE Parties”).  The South Metro WISE Authority is a quasi-governmental entity created by 
intergovernmental agreement among the third-party members identified below.  The three-party WISE 
Partnership is authorized under various intergovernmental agreements and the Amended and Restated 
WISE Delivery Agreement (the “WDA”), effective December 31, 2013, among the WISE Parties.   
The WISE Partnership is intended to provide for average deliveries of 10,000 acre-feet/year of 
treated water from Aurora Water and Denver Water reusable supplies through Prairie Waters to South 
Metro, for delivery to its eleven third party members, which include: (i) Town of Castle Rock; (ii) Dominion 
Water and Sanitation District; (iii) Stonegate Village Metropolitan District; (iv) Cottonwood Water and 
Sanitation District; (v) Denver Southeast Suburban Water and Sanitation District (also known as Pinery 
Water and Wastewater District); (vi) Centennial Water and Sanitation District; (vii) Rangeview 
Metropolitan District; (viii) Parker Water and Sanitation District; (ix) Meridian Metropolitan District; 
(x) Inverness Water and Sanitation District; and (xi) Douglas County.  Each of the third-party members is 
the current or prospective owner or operator of water utility infrastructure within its service area and has 
need for supplemental water supplies, although their individual needs and circumstances vary.  
 24 
The WDA provided that Aurora Water and Denver Water deliver at least 72,250 acre-feet of treated 
water over 10-year blocks (an average of 7,225 acre-feet per year).  On June 28, 2019, Douglas County 
exercised a reservation agreement to increase the deliveries to an average of 100,000 acre-feet of treated 
water per ten-year period (an average of 10,000 acre-feet per year).  WISE deliveries are subject to 
interruption by Aurora Water and Denver Water under certain circumstances provided in the WDA.  Aurora 
Water and Denver Water can limit deliveries as necessary to protect deliveries to their primary customers, 
including interrupting deliveries for up to 24 consecutive months.  For this reason, the WDA provides a 
supplemental, rather than primary, source of water to the third-party WISE members, which must also have 
their own primary supplies. 
The WISE Partnership delivery system is currently in operation, with initial infrastructure to allow 
for water delivery.  The costs of all infrastructure needs for delivery to South Metro are the responsibility 
of South Metro.  The contract contemplated a permanent connection to be complete and full deliveries were 
initially expected to start in 2021.  The WISE partners have extended the start date by one year.  By 
agreement, minimum deliveries are 5,000 acre-feet in 2020 and 2021 before full deliveries start in 2022, at 
a permanent connection which is currently under construction.  The connection is funded entirely by WISE 
customers through South Metro. 
The WISE water rate is based on a cost of service rate methodology outlined in the WDA.  That 
rate takes into consideration the cost of infrastructure used, the cost of operations and maintenance, the cost 
of raw water and a rate of return on capital for Aurora Water.  
Roxborough Water and Sanitation District Contracts.  Under an Intergovernmental Agreement 
executed December 20, 2010 and effective December 20, 2010, (the “Roxborough Agreement”), which 
superseded previous agreements originally entered into as far back as 1972, the City, acting by and through 
Aurora Water, agreed to provide Roxborough Water and Sanitation District (“Roxborough”) a perpetual 
supply of raw water, either from the Rampart Pipeline through the Roxborough treatment plant, or from the 
WISE Partnership through an East Cherry Creek Valley Water and Sanitation District pipeline, at an initial 
rate of $3.77 per 1,000 gallons of water, increased annually in an amount equal to 70% of the percentage 
increase in the City’s treated water user rates in its service area.  The Roxborough Agreement also provides 
for the payment of certain one-time development and connection fees with respect to capital improvements 
and increases in delivery capacity.  A second agreement dated as of October 15, 2014 between the City and 
Roxborough (the “150 Agreement”) provides for a one-time use of an additional 150 acre-feet of raw water 
by Roxborough on an emergency basis to supply certain small water providers in Douglas County (the “150 
Service Area”), currently operating with nonrenewable supplies of well water. 
Dominion Water and Sanitation District Contracts.  Dominion Water and Sanitation District 
(“Dominion”), a governmental entity formed to provide raw water to an area outside the City, is planning 
utility services to Sterling Ranch, a 3,400 acre/12,000 home mixed use proposed development located near 
Chatfield Reservoir in Douglas County.  Dominion is a member of the WISE Partnership as a subscriber of 
1,325 acre-feet, and is a member of South Metro.  Sterling Ranch had a need for water delivery prior to the 
full implementation of the WDA for the WISE partnership.  Due to Dominion’s immediate need for water 
for that purpose that could not be met under the WDA, Dominion is consequently reliant upon temporary 
raw water supply service agreements with the City in order to bridge its supply needs until the WDA is 
fully functional.   
The City’s current agreements with Dominion include (1) an Agreement for the Trade of Water, 
dated as of October 1, 2009 (the “Trade Agreement”); (2) an Intergovernmental Agreement for Temporary 
Lease of Water dated July 30, 2012 (the “570 Agreement”); and (3) an Intergovernmental Agreement for 
Delivery of Water dated December 11, 2013 (the “250 Agreement” and together with the 570 Agreement, 
the “Dominion Agreements”).  The Trade Agreement provided for Dominion to surrender certain water  
 25 
rights owned by it as the result of a stipulation entered into with the City of Thornton, Colorado, to Aurora 
Water in return for Aurora Water’s agreement to deliver 230 acre-feet of raw water annually to Dominion 
on a permanent basis from a location to be determined between Strontia Springs Reservoir and the outlet 
works of Chatfield Reservoir in the Southwest portion of the metropolitan area.  In 2009, the Trade 
Agreement was amended to specify that deliveries would be made at a point adjacent to the Roxborough 
treatment plant.  The 250 and 570 Agreements together provide for Aurora Water to deliver annually a total 
of up to 820 acre-feet of raw water derived from mountain sources, through the Rampart Pipeline and 
Roxborough Treatment Plant to Dominion, or, in the case of the 250 Agreement, from other sources, for 
use in Sterling Ranch.  Both of the 250 and 570 Agreements contemplate that Dominion will ultimately 
utilize WISE water as its primary supply, at which time deliveries under the 570 Agreement, but not the 
250 Agreement, would cease.  Rates payable under the 570 Agreement for deliveries of water to Dominion 
are $5.77/1000 gallons (the WISE delivery rate, subject to adjustment in the same manner provided in the 
WDA).  Rates payable under the 250 Agreement for deliveries of water to Dominion are $4.01/1000 
gallons, adjusted annually.  The delivery rate under the Trade Agreement is the 2010 rate of $3.93/1000 
gallons, adjusted annually.  Deliveries under the 570 Agreement will cease no later than 2028. 
Distribution to Customers.  The water distribution system provides delivery of potable water 
through a network of System facilities including finished water storage tanks, pump stations, pipelines, 
pressure reducing stations and service connections.  The distribution system includes nine storage tanks 
capable of holding over 64 million gallons of finished water.  Finished water storage (Table VIII) includes 
clear wells and above grade, at grade and below grade tanks.  On average, approximately half of the volume 
of finished water storage is available for emergency purposes.  Emergencies include fire protection, as well 
as pump station and system outages.  The balance of finished water storage is operational storage used to 
meet peak demand during any given day.  Distribution and transmission pipelines range in size from 4 
inches up to 66 inches.  The System covers eight major pressure zones and includes both pumped (seven 
pump stations) and gravity fed distribution systems. 
The following table, Table VII, provides the City’s average daily and peak day demands for treated 
potable water and the consumption of such treated water from 2016 to 2020.  Treatment values represent 
the volume of water delivered to the water treatment plants while consumption values represent the volume 
of water delivered to the City’s distribution system for customer use.  The difference between treatment 
and consumption values represents process water that is not available for customer use.  Table VIII shows 
the System’s finished (treated) water storage capacity. 
TABLE VII 
Average Daily and Peak Day Demand 
(In Millions of Gallons per Day) 
 2016  2017 2018 2019 2020 
Average Daily Treatment 45.6 44.6 49.6 47.8 54.1 
Average Daily Consumption 44.9 44.4 49.3 47.4 53.4 
Peak Hour Consumption 138.2 130.7 143.8 144.2 151.5 
Peak Day Treatment 89.3 90.7 99.5 95.3 104.6 
Peak Day Consumption 87.8 91.6 96.9 96.4 102.7 
____________________ 
Source: Aurora Water 
  
 26 
TABLE VIII 
Finished Water Storage—2020 
Facility Capacity (MG) 
Griswold Clearwell 1 15.0 
Smoky Hill Tanks 2 14.0 
Robertsdale  10.0 
Wemlinger Clearwell 1 10.0 
Marina 6.5 
Blackstone 5.0 
Powhaton   3.7 
Total 64.2 
____________________ 
1 A clear well is a tank or vessel located on-site at a water treatment plant and used for storing 
treated water.  Clearwell storage reduces the need to adjust plant flow rates to meet changing 
demands in the System. 
2 Includes three tanks. 
Sou