plan of financing and with respect to the issuance of the 
Series 2022 Bonds.  The Financial Advisor is not obligated to undertake and has not undertaken to make an 
independent verification of the accuracy, completeness or fairness of the information contained in this Official 
Statement. 
TAX MATTERS 
Federal Income Tax Generally 
On the date of issuance set forth on the front cover hereof (the "Date of Issuance"), Bond Counsel will 
render an opinion that, assuming continuing compliance by the City with the requirements of the Code and the 
Regulations, and further subject to certain considerations described in "Collateral Federal Tax Considerations" 
below, under existing statutes, regulations and judicial decisions, interest on the Series 2022 Bonds is excludable 
from the gross income of the registered owners thereof for federal income tax purposes.  Interest on the Series 2022 
Bonds will not be treated as an item of tax preference for purposes of the federal alternative minimum tax.  The 
Code contains other provisions that could result in tax consequences, upon which no opinion will be rendered by 
Bond Counsel, as a result of (i) ownership of the Series 2022 Bonds or (ii) the inclusion in certain computations of 
interest that is excluded from gross income. 
The opinion of Bond Counsel will be limited to matters relating to the authorization and validity of the 
Series 2022 Bonds and the tax-exempt status of interest on the Series 2022 Bonds as described herein.  Bond 
Counsel makes no statement regarding the accuracy and completeness of this Official Statement. 
The opinion of Bond Counsel is based on current legal authority, covers certain matters not directly 
addressed by such authorities, and represents Bond Counsel's judgment as to the proper treatment of the Series 2022 
Bonds for federal income tax purposes.  Bond Counsel's opinions are based upon existing law, which is subject to 
change.  Such opinions are further based on factual representations made to Bond Counsel as of the date thereof 
which have not been independently verified by Bond Counsel.  Bond Counsel assumes no duty to update or 
supplement its opinions to reflect any facts or circumstances that may thereafter come to Bond Counsel's attention or 
to reflect any changes in law that may thereafter occur or become effective.  Moreover, Bond Counsel's opinions are 
not a guarantee of a particular result, and are not binding on the IRS or the courts; rather, such opinions represent 
Bond Counsel's professional judgment based on its review of existing law, and in reliance on the representations and 
covenants that it deems relevant to such opinions. 
The opinion of Bond Counsel described above is subject to the condition that the City comply with all 
requirements of the Code and the Regulations, including, without limitation, certain limitations on the use, 
expenditure and investment of the gross proceeds of the Series 2022 Bonds and the obligation to rebate certain 
earnings on investments of such gross proceeds to the United States Government, that must be satisfied subsequent 
to the issuance of the Series 2022 Bonds in order that interest thereon be, or continue to be, excluded from gross 
income for federal income tax purposes.  The City has covenanted to comply with each such requirement.  Failure to 
comply with certain of such requirements may cause the inclusion of interest on the Series 2022 Bonds in gross 
income for federal income tax purposes retroactive to the Date of Issuance of the Series 2022 Bonds.  The opinion of 
Bond Counsel delivered on the Date of Issuance of the Series 2022 Bonds is conditioned on compliance by the City 39 
with such requirements, and Bond Counsel has not been retained to monitor compliance with the requirements 
subsequent to the issuance of such Series 2022 Bonds. 
Collateral Federal Tax Considerations 
Prospective purchasers of the Series 2022 Bonds should be aware that ownership of tax-exempt obligations 
may result in collateral federal income tax consequences to certain taxpayers, including, without limitation, financial 
institutions, property and casualty insurance companies, life insurance companies, certain foreign corporations, 
certain S corporations, individual recipients of Social Security or Railroad Retirement benefits and taxpayers who 
may be deemed to have incurred or continued indebtedness to purchase or carry tax-exempt obligations.  The Series 
2022 Bonds have not been designated "bank qualified tax exempt obligations" under Section 265(b)(3) of the Code. 
Bond Counsel expresses no opinion concerning such collateral income tax consequences, and prospective 
purchasers of Series 2022 Bonds should consult their tax advisors as to the applicability thereof. 
Future legislation, if enacted into law, or clarification of the Code may cause interest on the Series 2022 
Bonds to be subject, directly or indirectly, to federal income taxation, or otherwise prevent owners from realizing 
the full current benefit of the tax status of such interest.  The introduction or enactment of any such future legislation 
or clarification of the Code may also affect the market price for, or marketability of, the Series 2022 Bonds.  
Prospective purchasers of the Series 2022 Bonds should consult their own tax advisers regarding any pending or 
proposed federal tax legislation, as to which Bond Counsel expresses no opinion. 
The IRS has established an ongoing program to audit tax-exempt obligations to determine whether interest 
on such obligations is includible in gross income for federal income tax purposes.  Bond Counsel cannot predict 
whether the IRS will commence an audit of the Series 2022 Bonds.  Bond Counsel's engagement with respect to the 
Series 2022 Bonds ends with the issuance of the Series 2022 Bonds, and, unless separately engaged, Bond Counsel 
is not obligated to defend the City or the Owners regarding the tax-exempt status of the Series 2022 Bonds in the 
event of an audit examination by the IRS.  Under current procedures, parties other than the City and its appointed 
counsel, including the Owners, would have little, if any, right to participate in the audit examination process.  
Moreover, because achieving judicial review in connection with an audit examination of tax-exempt bonds is 
difficult, obtaining an independent review of IRS positions with which the City legitimately disagrees may not be 
practicable.  Any action of the IRS, including but not limited to selection of the Series 2022 Bonds for audit, or the 
course or result of such audit, or an audit of bonds presenting similar tax issues may affect the market price for, or 
the marketability of, the Series 2022 Bonds, and may cause the City or the Owners to incur significant expense, 
regardless of the ultimate outcome.  Under certain circumstances, the City may be obligated to disclose the 
commencement of an audit under the Continuing Disclosure Agreement.  See "CONTINUING DISCLOSURE" 
herein. 
Original Issue Premium 
The Series 2022 Bonds have been sold at initial public offering prices which are greater than the amounts 
payable at maturity.  An amount equal to the excess of the purchase price of the Series 2022 Bonds over their stated 
redemption prices at maturity constitutes premium on such Series 2022 Bonds.  A purchaser of a Series 2022 Bond 
must amortize any premium over the earlier of (i) such Series 2022 Bond's term or (ii) the first optional redemption 
date for such Series 2022 Bonds using constant yield principles, based on the purchaser's yield to maturity or earlier 
redemption, as applicable.  As premium is amortized, the purchaser's basis in such Series 2022 Bond is reduced by a 
corresponding amount, resulting in an increase in the gain (or decrease in the loss) to be recognized for federal 
income tax purposes upon a sale or disposition of such Series 2022 Bond prior to its maturity.  Even though the 
purchaser's basis is reduced, no federal income tax deduction is allowed.  Purchasers of any Series 2022 Bonds at a 
premium, whether at the time of initial issuance or subsequent thereto, should consult with their own tax advisors 
with respect to the determination and treatment of premium for federal income tax purposes and with respect to state 
and local tax consequences of owning such Series 2022 Bonds. 
State Tax Exemption 
Bond Counsel is of the further opinion that the Series 2022 Bonds and the interest thereon are exempt from 
all taxation by the State of South Carolina, its counties, municipalities and school districts except estate, transfer or 40 
certain franchise taxes.  Interest paid on the Series 2022 Bonds is currently subject to the tax imposed on banks by 
Section 12-11-20 of the Code of Laws of South Carolina 1976, as amended, which is enforced by the South Carolina 
Department of Revenue as a franchise tax.  The opinion of Bond Counsel is limited to the laws of the State of South 
Carolina and federal tax laws.  No opinion is rendered by Bond Counsel concerning the taxation of the Series 2022 
Bonds or the interest thereon under the laws of any other jurisdiction.