Use of Proceeds” executed by the SFPUC General Manager on behalf of the 
Commission in connection with the sale of the Indebtedness. 
2. After the proceeds of a series are Substantially Expended, the SFPUC General Manager will prepare 
and execute a certificate showing the actual expenditure of proceeds at an allocation of Net Debt 
Service to New Regional Assets for a series of bonds will be used in the fiscal year in which the 
proceeds have been Substantially Expended and thereafter. 
3. The Wholesale Customers’ share of Net Annual Debt Service for the New Regional Assets that are 
categorized as Direct Wholesale will be 100 percent. (None of the projects in the WSIP are 
categorized as Direct Wholesale.) The Wholesale Customers’ share of Net Annual Debt Service for 
all other New Regional Assets will be determined each year and will be equal to the Wholesale 
Customers’ Proportional Annual Use. 
4. If Indebtedness is issued by the SFPUC to refund the 2006 Revenue B onds, Series A or to refund 
any other long-term Indebtedness issued after July 1, 2009, the Net Annual Debt Service attributable 
to proceeds used for refunding will be allocated on the same basis as the Indebtedness being 
refunded. 
5. In addition to Net Debt Service, Wholesale Customers will pay a proportionate share of annual 
administrative costs associated with Indebtedness, such as bond trustee fees, credit rating agency 
fees, letter of credit issuer fees, San Francisco Revenue Bond Oversight Committee fees , etc., but 
only to the extent such fees are neither paid from proceeds of Indebtedness nor included in SFPUC 
operation and maintenance or administrative and general expenses. 
The Wholesale Customers shall pay the wholesale share of the appropriation contained in the SFPUC annual 
budget for each year to be used to acquire or construct New Regional Assets.   
 B-15 
The Wholesale Customers’ share of the annual appropriation for revenue -funded New Regional Assets that 
are categorized as Direct Wholesale will be 100 percent. The Wholesale Customers’ share of the annual appropriation 
for all other revenue -funded New Regional Assets will be determined each year and will be equal to the Wholesale 
Customers’ Proportional Annual Use in each fiscal year. The amount appropriated in each fiscal year for the wholesale 
share of New Regional Assets shall be contributed to the Wholesale Capital Fund.  
Hetch Hetchy Enterprise Expenses 
There are two steps involved in determining the amount of the Wholesale Customers’ share of Hetch Hetchy 
Enterprise expenses. 
1. The first step is to determine the Water Enterprise’s share of Hetch Hetchy Enterprise operation 
expenses, maintenance expenses, administrative and general expenses, and property taxes.  
2. The second step is to determine the Wholesale Customers’ share of expenses allocable to the Water 
Enterprise. 
The Water Enterprise’s share of Hetch Hetchy Enterprise expenses consist of 100 percent of Water -Only 
expenses and the Water-Related portion (45%) of Joint expenses. 
The Wholesale Customers’ share of the sum of the Water Enterprise’s share of Hetch Hetchy Enterprise 
expenses shall be calculated by multiplying that dollar amount by Adjusted Proportional Annual Use.  
Wholesale Customers are also allocated a share of Hetch Hetchy Enterprise capital  costs. The components 
of Hetch Hetchy Enterprise capital costs are as follows: 
1. The Water Enterprise will be assigned 100 percent of Net Annual Debt Service attributable to 
acquisition and construction of New Hetch Hetchy Enterprise assets that are Water-Only and the 
Water-Related portion (45 percent) of Net Annual Debt Service on New Hetch Hetchy Enterprise 
Joint assets. 
2. The Water Enterprise will be assigned 100 percent of capital expenditures from revenues for New 
Hetch Hetchy Enterprise assets that are Water -Only and the Water-Related portion (45 percent) of 
such expenditures for new Hetch Hetchy Enterprise Joint assets. 
The Wholesale Customers’ share of the Net Annual Debt Service and revenue funded capital expenditures 
shall be calculated by multiplying that dollar amount by Adjusted Proportional Annual Use. 
Additional Agreements Related to Financial Issues 
The Wholesale Customers have no entitlement to any of the following sources of revenue to the SFPUC.  
1. Revenues from leases or sales of SFPUC real property. 
2. Revenues from other utility services such as the sale of electric power, natural gas and steam.  
3. Revenues from the sale of water to customers and entities other than the Wholesale Customers.  
4. Revenues earned from the investment of SFPUC funds ot her than funds contributed by the 
Wholesale Customers to the Wholesale Revenue Coverage Reserve or the Wholesale Capital Fund. 
Wholesale Customers are also entitled to the benefit of earnings on proceeds of Indebtedness 
(through expenditure on New Regional  Assets and /or application to Debt Service) and to interest 
on the Balancing Account. 
5. Revenues not related to the sale of water.  
 B-16 
The Wholesale Customers will not be charged with any of the following expenses:  
1. Capital costs for assets constructed or acquired prior to July 1, 1984. 
2. Expenses incurred by the SFPUC for generation and distribution of electric power, including Hetch 
Hetchy Enterprise Power -Only expenses and the Power -Related share of Hetch Hetchy Enterprise 
Joint expenses. An exception to this is  Regional energy costs incurred by the Water Enterprise, for 
which Wholesale Customers are charged on the basis of Proportional Annual Use.  
3. Expenses incurred by SFPUC in providing water to Retail Customers. 
4. Expenses associated with the SFPUC’s accruals or allocations for uncollectible Retail Water 
accounts. 
5. Attorneys’ fees and costs incurred by the Wholesale Customers that a court of competent jurisdiction 
orders San Francisco to pay as part of a final, binding judgment against San Francisco.  
6. Any expenses a ssociated with funding any reserves (other than the required Wholesale Revenue 
Coverage Reserve) accrued and not anticipated to be paid within one year unless such reserve is 
established by mutual agreement of the SFPUC and BAWSCA. 
7. Any expenses accrued in respect to pending or threatened litigation, damage or personal injury 
claims or other loss contingencies unless projected to be paid within one year. Otherwise, such 
expenses will be charged to the Wholesale Customers when actually paid. 
8. Any expenses associated with installing, relocating, enlarging, removing or modifying meters and 
service connections at the request of an individual Wholesale Customer. 
9. The Retail Customers’ portion of any Environmental Enhancement Surcharges imposed to enforce 
the Interim Supply Limitation. 
The following payments by Wholesale Customers, individually or collectively, are not credited as Wholesale 
revenues. 
1. Payments by individual Wholesale Customers of the Environmental Enhancement Surcharge 
imposed to enforce the Interim Supply Limitation. 
2. Payments of attorneys’ fees and costs incurred by San Francisco that a court of competent 
jurisdiction orders the Wholesale Customers to pay as part of a final, binding judgment against the 
Wholesale Customers. 
3. Payments by individual Wholesale Customers for installation, relocation, enlargement, removal or 
modification of meters and service connections requested by, and charged to, a Wholesale 
Customer. 
4. Payments applied to the amortization of the ending balance in the balancing account under the 1984 
Agreement. 
5. Payments of the Water Management Charge which are delivered to BAWSCA.  
6. Payments directed to the Wholesale Revenue Coverage Reserve. 
7. Prepayments of certain capital and revenues payment.  
 B-17 
The Wholesale Customers will receive a proportional benefit from funds received by the SFPUC from 
(a) governmental grants, rebates, reimbursements or other subventions, (b)  private-sector grants for Regional capital 
or operating purposes of the Water Enterprise and the Water -Only and Water-related portion of Joint Hetch Hetchy 
Water Enterprise expenses, or (c) a SFPUC use of taxable bonds. 
The Wholesale Customers will receive a proportionate benefit from recovery of damages, including 
liquidated damages, by SFPUC from judgments against or settlements with contractors, suppliers, sureties, etc., related 
to Regional Water System projects and the Water -Only and Water-Related portion of Joint Hetch Hetchy Enterprise 
projects. 
The SFPUC will continue to charge Wholesale Customers for assets acquired or constructed with proceeds 
of Indebtedness on which Wholesale Customers paid Debt Service during the Term of the Agreement on the “cash” 
basis (as opposed to the “utility” basis) after the expiration or earlier termination of the Agreement. 
Rate Adjustments 
Adjustments to the rates applicable to the Wholesale Customers, other than emergency rate increases and 
drought rate increases, shall be coordinated with the budget development process described in the Agreement.  
The Commission may adjust the Wholesale Customers’ rates in response to an Emergency that damages the 
Regional Water System and disrupts San Francisco’s ability to maintain normal deliveries of water to Retail and 
Wholesale Customers. In such an Emergency, the Commission may adopt an emergency rate surcharge applicable to 
Wholesale Customers without following the budgeting procedures set forth in the Agreement, provided that any such 
rates surcharge imposed by the Commission shall be applicable to both Retail and Wholesale Customers and 
incorporate the same percentage increase for all customers. Any emergency rate surcharge adopted by the Commission 
shall remain in effect only until the next-budget coordinated rate-setting cycle. 
If the Commission declares a water shortage emergency under Water Code Section  350, implements the 
Tier 1 Shortage Plan and imposes drought rates on Retail Customers, it may concurrently adjust wholesale rates 
independently of coordination with the annual budget process. Those adjustments may be designed to encourage water 
conservation and may constitute changes to the structure of the rates. Drought Rate payments and payments of excess 
use charges levied in accordance with the Tier  1 Shortage Plan constitute Wholesale Customer Revenue and count 
towards the Wholesale Revenue Requirement. The SFPUC may use these revenues to purchase additional water for 
the Wholesale Customers from the State Drought Water Bank or other willing seller.  
Rate Structure 
The Agreement is not intended and shall not be construed to limit the C ommission’s right (a) to adjust the 
structure of the rate schedule applicable to the Wholesale Customers (i.e., the relationship among the several charges 
set out therein) or (b)  to add, delete, or change the various charges which make up the rate schedule , provided that 
neither such charges nor the structure of the rate schedule(s) applicable to the Wholesale Customers shall be arbitrary, 
unreasonable, or unjustly discriminatory as among said customers. The SFPUC will give careful consideration to 
proposals for changes in the rate schedule made jointly by the Wholesale Customers but, subject to the limitations set 
out above, shall retain the sole and exclusive right to determine the structure of the rate schedule.  
The SFPUC may recommend, and the Commission may adopt, changes in the structure of wholesale rates at 
any time. However, the new rate schedule implementing these changes will become effective at the beginning of the 
following fiscal year. 
Balancing Account 
After the close of each fiscal year, the S FPUC will compute the costs allocable to the Wholesale Customers 
for that fiscal year based on actual costs incurred by the SFPUC and actual amounts of water used by the Wholesale 
Customers and the Retail Customers. That amount will be compared to the amounts billed to the Wh