USE OF PROCEEDS—Project” above. 
The City is in compliance with all State and Federal acts, permits and regulations. There are no pending administrative 
actions by any regulatory agencies involving the City’s System.  The System remains in compliance with all appl icable 
parameters at this time. The Updated IPDES Permit will reflect current Clean Water Act requirements and associated 
State standards. For any constituent regulations the City cannot immediately comply with, the Updated IPDES Permit 
will include a schedule of compliance to allow time to come into compliance.  
THE CITY 
General 
The City of Boise City, Idaho, organized in 1866 in accordance with Article 12, Section 1 and Article 18, Section 6 of the 
Idaho Constitution, is located in the Southwest portion of Idaho in Ada County (the “County”) and serves as the Idaho 
State Capital.  Idaho ranks first nationally in percentage of population growth from 2019 to 2020 according to initial 2020 
Census data from the U.S. Census Bureau.  The City is the largest municipality in Idaho and has an estimated population 
of 239,879 as of January 2022.  The City is the principal business and government center of the State. The City is governed 
by a Mayor and a six-member City Council. 
Mayor – Council System 
The City operates under the mayor-council system of government as a city of the first class under the general laws of the 
State with a mayor (the “Mayor”) and six council members (the “City Council”).  The Mayor is elected to a four -year  
 30 
term and serves as the chief executive officer for the City, responsible for carrying out policies set by the City Council 
and for enforcing the City Code. Prior to legislation passed in 2020, City Council members (“Council Members”) were 
also elected for four-year terms, three being elected every two years to stagger the terms for continuity.  
Section 50-707A, Idaho Code, was amended to require cities with populations  greater than 100,000 people to establish 
districts for city counc il elections  and elect Council Members by such districts. The City created six  districts and 
conducted the scheduled 2021 City Council election in accordance with the legislation , appointing three new Council 
Members for two-year terms. In 2023, all Council Members will be up for reelection, at which time the odd-numbered  
districts will run for four -year terms and even-numbered district will run for two years, i n order to reestablish staggered 
terms for continuity.  
The following are the current members of the City Council: 
Name Position District(1) Term Expires 
Lauren McLean Mayor - 2023 
Elaine Clegg President At large 2023 
Holli Woodings Pres. Pro Tem 5 2023 
Lisa Sanchez Member 3 2023 
Luci Willits Member 1 2023 
Patrick Bageant Member At large 2023 
Jimmy Hallyburton Member At large 2023 
Source:  The City of Boise. 
(1) Council Member seats in districts 2, 4, and 6 are not up for reelection until 2023 and therefore were elected according to the 
prior city-wide election process.  
Organization 
The Mayor, with consent of the City Council, appoints all department heads (except the Library Director which is 
appointed by and reports to the Library Board).  The Mayor appoints, with City Council review, a variety of boards, 
commissioners and committees to provide citizen input and policy direction to the departments.  The Citizen groups 
participate in the development of the departments’ budget requests. 
Lauren McLean, Mayor. Lauren McLean was elected Mayor of Boise in 2019. Ms. McLean is a graduate of The University 
of Notre Dame, with a Master of Public Administration from Boise State University. Public service has been an integral 
part of Ms. McLean’s career, and she served on Boise City Council from 2011-2019.  
Three months into her first term as the Mayor of Boise, the COVID-19 pandemic hit. Despite the challenges brought on 
by COVID-19, she continues to lead with the community at the forefront of decisions. As Mayor, she has led the fight 
against climate change by setting ambitious goals to lead the city to an environmentally and economically resilient future. 
Lynda Lowry, CFO & Director of Finance and Administration, Ex Officio City Clerk & Treasurer . As the CFO and 
Director of Finance and Administration for the City, Ms. Lowry is responsible for directing the activities of the City’s 
financial functions as well as overseeing administrative divisions such as the City Clerk’s Office. She has over 20 years 
of experience in financial and operational management covering a broad-spectrum of disciplines. Most recently she 
worked for the global pharmaceutical company F. Hoffman-La  Roch, as a Global Financial Controller and Operations 
Director. Lynda holds a Bachelor of Science degree from Arizona State University, an MBA from DePaul’s Kellstadt 
Graduate School of Business and is a Chartered Financial Analyst. 
David Hasegawa, Deputy  City Treasurer. As Deputy City Treasurer for the City, Mr. Hasegawa is responsible for 
managing the Boise City Office of the Treasury. In that capacity he is responsible for the City’s debt and lease financing, 
cash operations, fixed income investing, and  accounts receivable management. Mr. Hasegawa has twelve years of 
professional treasury experience. Most recently, he worked at Micron Technology, managing its fixed income investment 
portfolio as well as its U.S. and European cash operations. He holds the Project Management Professional (“PMP”) and 
Certified Treasury Professional (“CTP”) designations, and holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics from the 
University of California, Irvine and a Masters of Business Administration from Boise State University.   
 31 
Steve Burgos, Director of Water Renewal Services.  Mr. Burgos is the Public Works Director for the City of Boise.   His 
experience includes over 25 years in the environmental industry as a private sector consultant and now public sector 
director.  As a consultant, his duties varied  from detailed engineering design to program management. He has served as 
the City’s Public Works Director for the past five years. He oversees an annual budget of nearly $100M to deliver 
wastewater collection and treatment; trash collection, recycling and composting; management of  climate action and 
sustainability planning, energy planning, water resources planning; management of the city's geothermal heating system; 
and providing engineering support for city-wide programs. Prior to joining the city, Steve was a vice president for Brown 
and Caldwell Environmental Engineers and Scientists focused on water resources engineering and client service 
management. Steve is a veteran of the U.S. Navy and holds a Bachelor of Civil and Environmental Engineering from 
Duke University and a certificate in Science, Technology and Human Values for research in ethics. 
Heather Buchanan, Public Works, Chief Administrative Officer. Ms.  Buchanan has worked for the City since 2003, and 
has served as the Public Works Chief Administrative Officer since 2009. Her responsibilities include financial 
management of water renewal, solid waste, geothermal and municipal irrigation enterprise funds, utility billing services, 
and records management. Ms. Buchanan holds a Bachelor of Statistics from the University of Central Florida and a Master 
of Business Administration from Boise State University.  
Matt Millis, Public Works, Enterprise Revenue Manager . Matt Millis has worked for the City since 2018. In his role as 
the Public Works Enterprise Revenue Manager, Mr. Millis is primarily responsible for budget creation and management, 
cashflow projections, capital funding models, and user rate and connection fee calculations. Before working with the City, 
Mr. Millis worked as a consultant performing economic, fee, and cashflow analyses for local governments. He holds a 
Bachelor of Economics from the University of Iowa.  
Staff 
As of September 30, 2021, the City has 1,826 employees. The City employs part-time and seasonal employees to assist 
with peak demands. Within Water Renewal Services, the City employs approximately 225 full-time employees (“FTE”), 
within four different divisions as follows:  
Administration – (3
 9 FTEs) Functions include utility billing, financial management, and administrative support.  
There are no specific certifications or licenses required.  
Environmental – (16 FT Es) Functions include utility strategic planning and  regulatory compliance, including 
pretreatment and water quality. The division is managed by a licensed engineer and three positions require 
pretreatment certification.   
Engineering – (30 FTEs) Functions include facility design, construction, project ma nagement, survey and 
inspection. The division is managed by a licensed engineer.  There are eight other licensed engineers, one licensed 
surveyor, and six FTEs that are licensed wastewater treatment or collection system operators.  
Operations – (140  FTEs) Functions include wastewater operations and maintenance, water quality lab, collection 
system operations and maintenance, farm operations and maintenance. The division is further segregated by 
facility and each facility requires varying licenses and degrees.  
The City has ordinary turnover within WRS, and historically has average vacancy rates of approximately 4.5%. As with 
most sectors across the country at this time, WRS has seen greater turnover recently, at approximately 11%. However, 
the City has not experienced any Revenue decline or operations interruption as a result of the increased vacancies.