USE OF PROCEEDS 
Does the review assess: 
ց the environmental benefits of the project(s)? 
տ whether those benefits are quantifiable and meaningful? 
տ for social projects, whether the target population is properly identified? 
Does the review assess if the issuer provides clear information on: 
տ the estimated proceeds allocation per project category (in case of multiple projects)? 
տ the estimated share of financing vs. re-financing (and the related lookback period)? 
Overall comment on this section:  
 
 
 
2. PROCESS FOR PROJECT EVALUATION AND SELECTION 
Does the review assess: 
ց whether the eligibility of the project(s) is aligned with official or market-based taxonomies or 
recognised international standards? Please specify which ones.6 ICMA Green Bond Principles 

4GHGemissionsreductiontargetsthatareinlinewiththescaleofreductionsrequiredtokeeptheaverageglobal
temperatureincreasetoideally1.5°C,orattheveryleasttowellbelow2°CabovepreͲindustrialtemperatures.
ScienceBasedTargetsInitiative(SBTi)isabrandedverificationbodyforscienceͲbasedtargetsandSBT iverification
isonewayforissuerstovalidatethealignmentoftheiremissionreductiontrajectorieswithscienceͲbasedreference
trajectories.Inaddition,ICMAhaspublishedaMethodologiesRegistrywhichincludesalistoftoolstospecifically
helpissuers,investors,orfinancialintermediariesvalidatetheiremissionreductiontrajectories..
5 Includinginformationsuchastherespectivecontribution(e.g.%)ofthedifferentmeasurestotheoverall
reduction,thetotalexpensesassociatedwiththeplan,ortheissuer’sclimatepolicyengagement. 
6TheEUTaxonomy,CBITaxonomy,UKTaxonomy,Chinacatalogue,etc. 12 
ց whether the eligible projects are aligned with the overall sustainability strategy of the issuer 
and/or if the eligible projects are aligned with material ESG-related objectives in the issuer’s 
industry? 
տ the process and governance to set the eligibility criteria including, if applicable, exclusion 
criteria? 
տ the processes by which the issuer identifies and manages perceived social and 
environmental risks associated with the relevant project(s)? 
տ any process in place to identify mitigants to known material risks of negative social and/or 
environmental impacts from the relevant project(s)? 
 
Overall comment on this section:  
 
 
 
3. MANAGEMENT OF PROCEEDS 
Does the review assess: 
ց the issuer’s policy for segregating or tracking the proceeds in an appropriate manner? 
տ the intended types of temporary investment instruments for unallocated proceeds? 
տ Whether an external auditor will verify the internal tracking of the proceeds and the allocation 
of the funds? 
Overall comment on this section:  
 
 
4. REPORTING 
Does the review assess: 
ց the expected type of allocation and impact reporting (bond-by-bond or on a portfolio basis)? 
ց the frequency and the means of disclosure? 
տ the disclosure of the methodology of the expected or achieved impact of the financed 
project(s)? 
Overall comment on this section:  
 
Section 4. Additional Information 
Useful links (e.g. to the external review provider’s methodology or credentials, to the full 
review, to issuer’s documentation, etc.) 
 
Analysis of the contribution of the project(s) to the UN Sustainable Development Goals:  
 
 
Additional assessment in relation to the issuer/bond framework/eligible project(s):