use of proceeds of such Series of Bonds, including deposits required to be made
into the Project Fund, Reserve Fund and the Renewal, Replacement and Improvement Fund; the
Reserve Requirement, if any, and any other terms or provisions applicable to the Series of
Bonds, not inconsistent with the provisions of this Ordinance or the Act. The Supplemental
Ordinance or Resolution shall designate whether such Series of Bonds shall be secured by the
Composite Reserve Account, or by another Account in the Reserve Fund, or shall not be secured
by any Account in the Reserve Fund. All of the foregoing may be added by or pursuant to
supplemental resolution or resolutions (or supplemental ordinance or ordinances) adopted at
any time and from time to time prior to the issuance of such Series of Bonds. Unless otherwise
so provided, each Bond shall bear interest from the later of the Dated Date or original issue date
shown thereon or the most recent interest payment date to which interest has been paid, until
payment of the principal sum or until provision for the payment thereof on or after the maturity
B-2322
I
or redemption date has been duly provided for and, unless otherwise so provided, interest on
the Bonds shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve thirty-day
months. The Series 2013 Bonds may be issued in one or more series and the series designation of
such Bonds may be changed to reflect the date and sequence of issuance and the particular
terms thereof.
i
i
Unless coupon bonds, the interest on which is excluded from gross income for federal
income tax purposes, may again be issued under Section 103 of the Code, or any successor to
such Code section, or unless such Bonds are intended to be Taxable Bonds or Commercial Paper
Obligations, all Bonds hereunder shall be in registered form, contain substantially the same
terms and conditions as set forth below, shall be payable in lawful money of the United States of
America, and, in the case of Current Interest Bonds, interest thereon shall be payable by mail to
the Holder thereof (or in the case of Holders of $1,000,000 or more in aggregate principal
amount of Bonds of a Series, by wire transfer (at the expense of such Holders) to a bank in the
continental United States so long as written instructions for such wire transfer are provided to
the Paying Agent at least ten (10) days prior to the Payment Date). Unless otherwise provided
by or pursuant to Supplemental Ordinance or Resolution authorizing a Series of Bonds, interest
will be paid to the Holders of Bonds as their addresses may appear on the registration books of
the Issuer at the close of business on the Record Date, irrespective of any transfer or exchange of
a Bond subsequent to such Record Date and prior to the next succeeding interest payment date,
’ unless the Issuer shall be in default in payment of interest due on such interest payment date.
' Unless otherwise provided by or pursuant to Supplemental Ordinance or Resolution
authorizing a Series of Bonds, in the event of any such default, such defaulted interest shall be
payable to the persons in whose names the Bonds are registered at the close of business on a
’ special record date (which date shall also be the date for the payment of such defaulted interest)
as established by notice by deposit in the U.S. mail, postage prepaid, by the Issuer to the
Holders of the Bonds not less than fifteen (15) days preceding such special record date. Such
notice shall be mailed to the persons in whose names the Bonds are registered at the close of
business on the fifth day, whether or not a Business Day, preceding the date of mailing.
Principal of Current Interest Bonds and principal of and any accreted interest on Capital
Appreciation Bonds, shall be payable at maturity or earlier redemption thereof upon
presentation and surrender of such Bonds at the designated office of the Registrar by check or
draft unless otherwise provided by Supplemental Ordinance or Resolution. To the extent the
Issuer under then applicable law may issue any Series of Bonds in coupon form, the interest on
which, in the opinion of Bond Counsel, is excluded from gross income for federal tax purposes,
or to the extent such Bonds are to be issued as Taxable Bonds or Commercial Paper Obligations,
the Issuer may amend this Ordinance, including the form of the Bonds, to authorize and
provide for the issuance and payment of such coupon Bonds. In addition, notwithstanding the
foregoing, if and to the extent permitted by applicable law, the Issuer shall establish a system of
registration with respect to any Series or all Series of Bonds issued hereunder and may issue
thereunder certificated registered public obligations (represented by instruments) or
uncertificated registered public obligations (not represented by instruments) commonly known
as book-entry obligations, combinations thereof, or such other obligations as may then be
B-24I
I
23
In case any officer whose signature or a facsimile of whose signature shall appear on any
Bonds shall cease to be such officer before the delivery of such Bonds, such signature or such
SECTION 8. EXECUTION OF BONDS. The Bonds in substantially the form herein
below set forth shall be signed by, or bear the facsimile signature of, the Mayor and shall be
attested by, or bear the facsimile signature of, the City Clerk, and a facsimile of the official seal
of the Issuer shall be imprinted on the Bonds.
If any date for payment of the principal of, premium, if any, or interest on any Bond is
not a Business Day, then the date for such payment shall be the next succeeding Business Day,
and payment on such day shall have the same force and effect as if made on the nominal date of
payment.
1
permitted by law. The Issuer shall appoint such Registrars, transfer agents, depositories or other
agents as may be necessary to cause the registration, registration of transfer and reissuance of
the Bonds within a commercially reasonable time according to the then-current industry
standards and to cause the timely payment of interest, principal and premium, if any, payable
with respect to the Bonds. Registration and registration of transfer of the Bonds shall be subject
to the terms set forth below and those set forth in the forms of the Bonds. Any such system may
be effective for any Series then Outstanding or to be subsequently issued, provided that if the
Issuer adopts a system for the issuance of uncertificated registered public obligations, it may
permit thereunder the conversion, at the option of a holder of any Bond then Outstanding, of a
certificated registered public obligation to an uncertificated registered public obligation, and the
reconversion of the same. A list of the names and addresses of the Holders of the Bonds shall be
maintained at all times by the Registrar and shall be made available to any Bondholder
requesting same during normal business hours.
The form of Bonds may provide that the Holder of any such Bond may demand that the
Issuer purchase such Bond within a stated period after delivering notice to a designated agent
for the Issuer and providing a copy of the notice with the tender of the Bond to such agent. The
form of the Bonds may also provide for the mandatory tender of any such Bond for purchase
upon the terms and conditions provided therein. The designated agent for the Issuer, in
accordance with the terms of a remarketing or replacement agreement, may provide for the
resale or redelivery of the Bonds on behalf of the Issuer at a price provided for in the agreement.
If the Bonds shall not be resold or redelivered within a stated period, the agent for the Issuer
may be authorized to draw upon a previously executed Credit Facility between the Issuer and
one or more banks or other financial or lending institutions permitting the Issuer to borrow
funds to pay for the purchase of Bonds to which such Credit Facility shall pertain. The
particular form or forms of such demand and tender provisions, the period or periods for
payment of principal and interest after delivery of notice, the appointment of the agent for the
Issuer, the terms and provisions of the remarketing or replacement agreement, and the terms
and provisions of the Credit Facility shall be as designated by or pursuant to a Supplemental
Ordinance or Resolution of the Issuer pertaining to each Series of Bonds to which such terms
and provisions are applicable, prior to the sale and delivery thereof.
B-25L
24
I
The Registrar shall make provision for the exchange of Bonds at the designated
corporate trust office of the Registrar.
facsimile shall nevertheless be valid and sufficient for all purposes the same as if such Person
remained in office until such delivery. Any Bond may bear the facsimile signature of or may be
signed by such persons who, at the actual time of the execution of such Bond, shall be the
proper officers to sign such Bonds although, at the date of such Bond, such persons may not
have been such officers.
SECTION 9. AUTHENTICATION OF BONDS. Except as otherwise provided by
Supplemental Ordinance or Resolution, only such of the Bonds as shall have endorsed thereon a
certificate of authentication substantially in the form herein below set forth, duly executed by
the Registrar, as authenticating agent, shall be entitled to any benefit or security under this
Ordinance. Except as otherwise so provided, no Bond shall be valid or obligatory for any
purpose unless and until such certificate of authentication shall have been duly executed by the
Registrar, and such certificate of the Registrar upon any such Bond shall be conclusive evidence
that such Bond has been duly authenticated and delivered under this Ordinance. The
Registrar's certificate of authentication on any Bond shall be deemed to have been duly
executed if signed by an authorized officer of the Registrar, but it shall not be necessary that the
same officer sign the certificate of authentication of all of the Bonds that may be issued
hereunder at any one time.
SECTION 11. NEGOTIABILITY, REGISTRATION AND TRANSFER OF BONDS.
The Registrar shall keep books for the registration of and for the registration of transfers of
Bonds as provided in this Ordinance. Except as otherwise provided by or pursuant to
Supplemental Ordinance or Resolution, the registration of the Bonds may be transferred upon
the registration books therefor upon delivery to the Registrar, accompanied by a written
instrument or instruments of transfer in form and with guaranty of signature satisfactory to the
Registrar, duly executed by the Holder of such Bonds or by his attorney-in-fact or legal
representative, containing written instructions as to the details of transfer of such Bonds, along
with the social security number or federal employer identification number of such transferee. In
all cases of a transfer of the Bonds, the Registrar shall at the earliest practical time in accordance
with the provisions of this Ordinance enter the transfer of ownership in the registration books for
the Bonds and (unless uncertificated registration shall be requested and the Issuer has a
registration system that will accommodate uncertificated registration) the Issuer shall execute
and the Registrar shall authenticate and deliver in the name of the new transferee or
transferees a new fully registered Bond or Bonds of the same Series and maturity and of
SECTION 10. EXCHANGE OF BONDS. Any Bonds, upon surrender thereof at the
& designated corporate trust office of the Registrar, together with an assignment duly executed by
the Bondholder or his attorney or legal representative in such form as shall be satisfactory to the
Registrar, may, at the option of the Bondholder, be: exchanged for an aggregate principal
;4 . amount of Bonds of the same Series, in authorized denominations equal to the principal amount
. of the Bond or Bonds so surrendered.
B-2625
i
i
i
authorized denomination or denominations for the same aggre