use of proceeds.  
BAM has been identified by the ICMA as an observ er organization that is active in the field of 
green and/or social or sustaina bility finance and as a Climate Bond Initiativ e approved verifier.  
The GreenStar Credit Profile prepared by BAM fo r the Wastewater Bonds will identify which of 
the following GBP categories applies to the Wastewater Bonds:  
 renewable energy 
 energy efficiency 
 pollution prevention and control  
 environmentally sustainable management of living natural resources and land use 
 terrestrial and aquatic biodiversity 
 clean transportation  
 climate change adaptation  
 sustainable water and wastewater management 
 green buildings. 
 
Each of the GBPs correlates to one of the following UN Sustainable Development 
Goals which will also be included in the GreenStar Credit Profile for the Wastewater Bonds:   
 clean water and sanitation 
 affordable and clean energy  
40 
 sustainable cities and communities 
 industry innovation and infrastructure 
 responsible consumption and production 
 climate action 
 life below water 
 life on land. 
 
The City makes no representation regarding the applicability of or suitability of the 
GreenStar designation. The term “G reenStar” is neither defined i n, nor related to, the security 
documents relating to the Wastewater Bonds. The GreenStar designation is solely for identification 
purposes and is not intended to provide or impl y that the owners of the Wastewater Bonds are 
entitled to any security ot her than that described in  this official statement.   The City is under no 
contractual or other legal obligation to ensure compliance with any legal or other principles relating 
to “GreenStar” designation. The City has made  no commitment to provide ongoing reporting or 
information regarding the designation or compliance with the GBPs.   
The BAM GreenStar designation is based upon an assessment by BAM at the time 
of the issuance of the Wastewater Bonds and such designation by BAM reflects only the views of 
BAM. BAM does not charge a fee in connection with the designation, does not perform an audit 
and undertakes no duty of due diligence or independent verification of any information it receives. 
The designation is provided on an “AS IS” basis and is based on BAM’s own investigation, studies, 
assumptions, and criteria using its reasonable best  efforts. In issuing it s GreenStar designation, 
BAM has assumed and relied upon the accuracy and completeness of the information made 
publicly available by the City or that was othe rwise made available to BAM.  BAM makes no 
representation or warranty, express or implied, including, but not limited to, the accuracy, results, 
timeliness, completeness, merchantability or fitness for any particular purpose with respect to the 
designation.   A complete description of BAM GreenStar, and its limitations and terms of use,  are 
available on BAM’s website https://bambon ds.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/10/2024-BAM-
GreenStar-Winter-Not-for-Print.pdf and https: //bambonds.com/terms-of-use and incorporated 
herein by reference.  The BAM GreenStar design ation is determined solely by BAM; it has not 
been reviewed or approved by the City of or  the underwriter for the Wastewater Bonds, and the 
City and underwriter assume no responsibility for such designation. 
BAM’s GreenStar designation does not and is not intended to make any 
representation or give any assura nce with respect to any other ma tter relating to the Wastewater 
Bonds and is not a recommendation to any person to purchase, hold, or sell the Wastewater Bonds. 
Such labeling does not address the market price,  marketability or suitability of these Wastewater 
Bonds for a particular investor.   There is no assurance that the designation will be retained for any 
given period of time or that the designation will not be revised, suspended, or withdrawn by BAM 
if, in its judgment, circumstances so warrant.  
Additional Information Available from BAM 
Credit Insights Videos. For certain BAM-insured issues, BAM produces and posts 
a brief Credit Insights video that provides a discussion of the obligor and some of the key factors 
BAM’s analysts and credit committee considered when  approving the credit for insurance.  The 
Credit Insights videos are easily accessible on BAM's website at 
https://bambonds.com/insights/#video.  (The preceding website address is provided for  
41 
convenience of reference only.  Information availabl e at such address is not incorporated herein 
by reference.) 
Credit Profiles.  Prior to the pricing of bonds that BAM has been selected to insure, 
BAM may prepare a pre-sale Credit Profile for those bonds. These pre-sale Credit Profiles provide 
information about the sector designation (e.g.  general obligation, sa les tax); a preliminary 
summary of financial information and key ratios; and demographic and economic data relevant to 
the obligor, if available. Subsequent to clos ing, for any offering that includes bonds insured by 
BAM, any pre-sale Credit Profile will be updated  and superseded by a final Credit Profile to 
include information about the gr oss par insured by CUSIP, matu rity and coupon.  BAM pre-sale 
and final Credit Profiles are ea sily accessible on BAM's website  at https://bambonds.com/credit-
profiles.  BAM will produce a Credit Profile for all bonds insured by BAM, whether or not a pre-
sale Credit Profile has been prepared for such bonds.  (The preceding website address is provided 
for convenience of reference only.  Information available at such address is not incorporated herein 
by reference.) 
Disclaimers.  The Credit Profiles and th e Credit Insights videos and 
the information contained therein are not recommendations to purchase, hold or sell securities or 
to make any investment decisions.  Credit-related and other analyses and statements in the Credit 
Profiles and the Credit Insights videos are statements of opinion as of the date expressed, and BAM 
assumes no responsibility to update the content of such material.  The Credit Profiles and Credit 
Insight videos are prepared by BA M; they have not been reviewed  or approved by the City of or 
the underwriter for the Wastewater Bonds, and the City and underwriter assume no responsibility 
for their content. 
BAM receives compensation (an insurance pr emium) for the insurance that it is 
providing with respect to the Wastewater Bonds. Neither BAM nor any affiliate of BAM has 
purchased, or committed to purchase, any of the Wastewater Bonds, whether at the initial offering 
or otherwise. 
   
42