use of proceeds.  BAM h as been identified by the ICMA as an observer 
organization that is active in the field of green and/or social or sustainability finance and as a Climate Bond 
Initiative approved verifier.  The GreenStar Credit Pr ofile prepared by BAM for the Water Bonds and the 
Sewer Bonds will identify which of the following GBP categories applies to the Water Bonds and the Sewer 
Bonds:  
 renewable energy
 energy efficiency
 pollution prevention and control
 environmentally sustainable management of living natural resources and land use
 terrestrial and aquatic biodiversity
 clean transportation
 climate change adaptation
 sustainable water and wastewater management
 green buildings
Each of the GBPs correlates to one of the following UN Sustainable Development Goals which will also 
be included in the GreenStar Credit Profile for the Water Bonds and the Sewer Bonds:   
 clean water and sanitation
 affordable and clean energy
 sustainable cities and communities
 industry innovation and infrastructure
 responsible consump
 tion and pro
duction
 climate action
 life below water
 life on land
The Issuer makes no representation regarding the applic ability of or suitability of the GreenStar 
designation. The term “GreenStar” is neither defined in, nor related to, the security documents relating to 
the Water Bonds and the Sewer Bonds. The GreenStar designation is solely for identification purposes and is not intended to provide or imply that the owners of the Water Bonds and the Sewer Bonds are entitled to 
any security other than that described in this official statement.  The Issuer is under no contractual or other 
legal obligation to ensure compliance with any legal or other principles relating to “GreenStar” 
designatio
n. The Issuer has made no commitment to provide ongoing reporting or information regarding 
the designati
on or compliance with the GBPs.   
The BAM Gr
eenStar designation is based upon an assess ment by B AM at the time of the issuance of the 
Water Bonds and the Sewer Bonds and such designa tion by BAM reflects only the views of BAM. BAM 
does not charge a fee in connection with the designation, does not perform an audit and undertakes no duty 
of due 
diligence or independent verification of any inf ormation it receives. The designation is provided on 
an “AS IS” basis and is based on BAM’s own investigation, studies, assumptions, and criteria using its 
reasonable best efforts. In issuing its GreenStar designation, BAM has assumed and relied upon the 
accura
cy and completeness of the information made publicly available by the Issuer or that was otherwise 
made availabl
e to BAM.  BAM makes no representation or warranty, express or implied, including, but not 
limited to, the accuracy, results, timel i ness, completeness, merchantability or fitness for any particular 
purpose with respect to the designation.   A complete description of BAM GreenStar, and its limitations 
and terms of use,  are available on BAM’s website https://ba
 mbonds.com/wp-
content/uploads/2020/10/2024-BAM-GreenStar-Winter-Not-for-Print.pdf and 
https://bambonds.com/terms-of-use and incorporated herein by reference.  The BAM GreenStar designation 
is determined solely by BAM; it has not been reviewed or approved by the issuer of or the underwriter for 
the Water Bonds and t
he Sewer Bonds, and the issuer  and underwriter assume no responsibi lity for such 
designation. 
BAM’s GreenStar designation does not and is not intended to make any representation or give a ny assurance 
with respect to any other matter relating to th e  Water Bonds or the Sewer Bonds and is not a 
recommendation to any person to purchase, hold, or sell the Water Bonds or the Sewer Bonds Bonds. Such 
labeling does not
 address the market price, marketabi lity or  suitability of the Water Bonds or the Sewer 
Bonds for a particular investor.   There is no assurance that the designation will be retained for any given 
period of time or that the designation will not be re vised, suspended, or withdrawn by BAM if, in its 
judgment, circumstances so warrant.