Use of Proceeds - Categorization of green 
project with clear environmental 
benefits 
“Section 2: Description of 
Resiliency Projects” 
 
“Section 4.2: Alignment with 
other ESG and 
Environmental Frameworks” 
2. Process for Project 
Evaluation and Selection 
- Clear communication of 
environmental sustainability 
objectives 
- Process by which issuer 
determines project fit under 
Green Project categories above
- Context within the issuer’s 
overarching objectives, 
strategy, policy and/or 
processes relating to 
environmental sustainability 
“Section 4: Discussion of 
Project Objectives” 
 
“Section 2.2: Process for 
Project Evaluation and 
Selection” 
 
3. Management of 
Proceeds 
- Net proceeds credited to sub-
account or otherwise tracked in 
an appropriate manner 
- Formal internal tracking 
process, including periodically 
adjusting balance of tracked 
net proceeds 
“Section 3.2: Management of 
City of Hampton EIB 
Proceeds” 
4. Reporting - Annual reporting of use of 
proceeds until full allocation 
“Section 7: Environmental 
Impact Bond and Green 
Bond Reporting” 
 
Table 5: Alignment of the City of Hampton EIB with the ICMA Green Bond Principles 
 
4.2.2 Alignment with United Nations Sustainable Development Goals 
Impacts from the Resiliency Projects are aligned with several United Nations 
Sustainable Development Goals (“UN SDGs”), as described in the ICMA “Green and 
Social Bonds: A High-Level Mapping to the Sustainable Development Goals” (June 
2019) and the U.N. SDG 11 Synthesis Report: Tracking Progress Towards Inclusive, 
Safe, Resilient and Sustainable Cities and Human Settlements (2018). The Resiliency 
Projects address goals 1 (No Poverty), 11 (Sustainable Cities and Communities), 13 
(Climate Action), and 14 (Life Below Water).17  
 
 
 
17 https://www.icmagroup.org/assets/documents/Regulatory/Green-Bonds/June-2019/Mapping-SDGs-to-Green-Social-and-
Sustainability-Bonds06-2019-100619.pdf; http://uis.unesco.org/sites/default/files/documents/sdg11-synthesis-report-2018-en.pdf, at 
p. 69.                
 
18 
 
UN SDG Target Indicator in EIB Projects 
1 (No Poverty) 1.5 – Number of people 
benefiting from measures to 
mitigate the consequences of 
climate change such as 
natural disasters 
Population of census tracts 
benefiting from flood mitigation 
11 (Sustainable Cities 
and Communities) 
11.5 – Reduce human and 
economic impact of disasters, 
including water-related 
disasters, with a focus on 
poor and vulnerable 
populations 
Population of census tracts 
benefiting from flood mitigation 
 
Reduction in annual days of flood 
closures on North Armistead 
Avenue 
13 (Climate Action) 13.1 – Water storage capacity
 
 
13.1 – Reduction in weather-
related disruption (days p.a.) 
and/or risk frequency (%) 
Stormwater volume storage 
capacity of Resiliency Projects 
 
Reduction in annual days of flood 
closures on North Armistead 
Avenue 
14 (Life Below Water) 14.1 – Avoided or reduced 
marine and freshwater 
pollution 
Stormwater runoff retention 
capacity of Resiliency Projects 
 
Table 6: Alignment of the City of Hampton EIB with the UN Sustainable Development Goals 
5. Project Impact Estimation, as Designed Pre-Construction  
5.1 Primary Project Outcome Metric: Stormwater Volume Storage Capacity 
The primary Outcome Metric for the Resiliency Projects will be Stormwater Volume 
Storage Capacity (gallons). The aggregate volume storage capacity for the Resiliency 
Projects is estimated to be 8.62 million gallons. Although there are multiple ways to 
measure the resilience benefits of these Resiliency Projects, this metric was chosen 
because it is a meaningful proxy measure of the resilience benefits, decision-useful for 
the City in capital planning of future resiliency projects, and able to be measured cost-
efficiently (see Section 6, “Project Impact Evaluation, Post-Construction”): 
 
● Directly relevant to project goals: A significant amount of localized flooding in 
Hampton is driven by stormwater, making storage provided by the Resiliency 
Projects during rain events a key measure of flood resilience 
● Decision-useful: The Resiliency Projects are intended to be re plicable pilots that 
inform future capital planning decisions, making data about the cost-efficiency of 
localized flood mitigation projects valuable. 
● Objective: Measurements are tak en by registered land surveyors, verified by 
professional engineers, and can be repeated if desired. 
● Cost-effective to quantify: Vol ume storage capacity can be measured via one 
post-construction survey, and verified by a third party using spot check survey 
measurements.                
 
19 
 
 
As a capacity measure, the Resiliency Projects’ storage capacity represents the 
maximum amount of stormwater they can store every time it rains. This will especially 
benefit the City by absorbing chronic runoff during those less severe, more frequent rain 
events. In aggregate, the Resiliency Projects are expected to add 8.62 million gallons of 
stormwater volume storage capacity, or 26.4 acre-feet. One acre-foot is approximately 
equal to filling a football field with water to a height of one foot. The expected 
performance of the Resiliency Projects is given in the table below. 
 
Resiliency Project Expected Added Stormwater Volume Storage 
Capacity, gallons (acre-feet) 
Big Bethel Blueway 2.70 million gallons (8.3 acre-feet)  
North Armistead Avenue Green 
Infrastructure 0.33 million gallons (1.0 acre-feet) 
Lake Hampton 5.59 million gallons (17.1 acre-feet) 
Total 8.62 million gallons (26.4 acre-feet) 
 
Table 7: Stormwater volume storage capacity, as designed, for EIB-funded Resiliency Projects 
 
In addition, as described in Section 4.1, the road raising portion of the North Armistead 
Avenue Project is expected to eliminate the impacts of chronic flooding, which currently 
causes 92 hours of flooding and affects 45,000 vehicles in an average year.  
 
The flood resilience benefits can also be thought of in terms of more infrequent but 
more extreme rain events. A “ten-year storm” is a rain event unusual enough in its 
severity to only have a 10% chance of occurring in any given year. These storms are 
more likely to flood residential areas and disrupt economic activity. Capturing as much 
runoff as possible is a critical step to managing flooding during these extreme events, 
which have become more frequent in coastal Virginia in recent years. 
 
Resiliency 
Project 
Stormwater Volume 
Storage Capacity 
Total Nearby Runoff 
From a Ten-Year Storm 
Nearby Runoff Absorbed 
by Project (%) 
Big Bethel 
Blueway 
2.70 million gallons  
(8.3 acre-feet) 
213.8 acre-feet 3.9% 
North 
Armistead 
Ave. GI 
0.33 million gallons 
(1.0 acre-feet) 
9.4 acre-feet 10.8% 
Lake 
Hampton 
5.59 million gallons 
(17.1 acre-feet) 
43.0 acre-feet 39.9% 
 
Table 8: Reduction in runoff during a ten-year storm due to Resiliency Projects                
 
20 
 
 
A ten-year storm also creates about 207,000 gallons of runoff from the average 
commercial parcel in Hampton, and about 28,000 gallons of runoff from the average 
single-family residential parcel. With their combined storage capacity of 8.62 million 
gallons, the Resiliency Projects are projected to create stormwater volume capture 
equivalent to the runoff from 27 commercial parcels, or 200 single-family residential 
parcels, during a ten-year rain event. 
 
5.2 Overview of Pre-Construction Outcome Estimation Approach 
The Stormwater Volume Storage Capacity achieved by the Resiliency Projects can be 
estimated using the engineering design drawings at the time of the issuance of the City 
of Hampton EIB. The storage capacity of each Resiliency Project is dependent on the 
geometric dimensions of several of its key design features. Using the dimensions in the 
design drawings allows pre-construction estimation of the Stormwater Volume Storage 
Capacity created by each Resiliency Project.  
 
Big Bethel Blueway: The Stormwater Volume Storage Capacity added by this project 
comes from the addition of weirs and the expansion of the drainage channels. Since the 
existing channel does not have weirs, it does not currently have the ability to store 
stormwater. The weirs will hold back stormwater runoff collected from the nearby 
neighborhoods until it tops the weirs, reducing the rate of water flowing downstream into 
Newmarket Creek. The main drainage channel behind the weirs will be widened, 
increasing the amount of water that can be stored behind the weirs. Further, the 
backyard drainage swales that connect and contribute to the main drainage channel will 
have their storage capacity increased through the addition of bioretention cells. In the 
future, a site directly adjacent to the Blueway, currently a school site no longer in use, 
may receive green infrastructure installations to further enhance the stormwater 
management ability of the weirs.  
 
North Armistead Avenue Road Raising and Green Infrastructure: The Stormwater 
Volume Storage Capacity added by this project comes from the installation of bioswales 
in the median of the road and between the road and the shared-use path, which will 
hold back and infiltrate stormwater runoff from the road itself. The surface storage 
capacity in the median and roadside bioswales will be an increase over present 
conditions.  It is also likely that underground storage and infiltration capacity can be 
included as bioretention cells under the median and roadside bioswales. 
 
Lake Hampton: The Stormwater Volume Storage Capacity added by this project comes 
from two key design features. First, the majority of the lake’s storage capacity comes 
from precipitation filling the lake, preventing water from entering Newmarket Creek until 
the lake’s levels top its weir into the Creek. The improvements made through the project 
to the outflow structures, including raising the height of the weir and the dam, will allow 
the lake to store an increased amount of precipitation before it tops the weir. Second, 
the project will add a number of detention basins in a “treatment train” that will capture                
 
21 
 
excess stormwater runoff from North Armistead Avenue. Each basin will fill in sequence, 
sending its excess volume to the basin adjacent to it, and eventually to the lake itself.  
 
5.3 Calculations of Pre-Construction Outcome and Results 
The following sections discuss the methodology used by the City’s engineering 
consultants, Moffatt & Nichol, to calculate the as-designed Stormwater Volume Storage 
Capacity of each Resiliency Projects. 
5.3.1. Big Bethel Blueway  
The Stormwater Volume Storage Capacity created by this project is the sum of the 
storage capacity in the main drainage channel (the Blueway), plus the storage capacity 
in the bioretention cells to be created along several drainage easements running 
between residential properties adjacent to the channel. 
 
The estimated storage capacity in the channel is calculated over intervals of 100 feet 
along the stream, by multiplying the 100 feet length by the average cross-sectional 
storage area available at each end of that interval. This is an “average end area” 
calculation method that is a typical method used in engineering and construction for 
establishing quantities. The storage available at each cross-section is the area bounded 
by the stream channel topography (the expanded banks and stream bed) and below the 
next downstream weir elevation associated with each cross-section. The calculation for 
a typical 100-foot interval is illustrated in Figures 3 and 4 below. The storage capacity is 
the average of the storage area at the upstream cross-section (A1) and the downstream 
cross-section (A2) times the length between cross-sections (L), which is 100 feet, so 
that: Blueway in-stream storage capacity at each 100-foot interval = (A1+A2)/2 x L. 
                
 
22 
 
 
 
Figure 6: Big Bethel Blueway cross-section channel storage calculatio