Use of proceeds reporting
- Reporting comprehensiveness
Governance
- Management of proceeds
- Impact assessment structure
Mitigation
Agriculture, buildings, forestry,
industrial efficiencies, energy
infrastructure, transport, waste
management, and water
Adaptation
Resilience capex such as flood
defences, asset protection etc.
Net Benefit Ranking
eKPIs: Carbon, waste, water use, SOx
emissions, water eutrophication, and
land pollutant
Hierarchy Applied
Environmental Impact Resilience Level
Adaptation ScoreMitigation Score
Final Green Evaluation (E1 - E4 or R1 - R4)
Cost Benefit Ranking
Resilience benefit ratio:
Estimate of reduction in damages if
event occurs
Common approach used amongst opinion providers
Weighted aggregate of three:
Unique to S&P Global Ratings
Transparency + + or =Governance Mitigation Adaptation Green EvaluationS&P Global Ratings | Green Transaction Evaluation   This product is not a credit rating. 7 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC or its affiliates (collectively, S&P) receives compensation for the provision of the Sustainable Finance External Reviews and Opinions product (Product). S&P may also receive compensati on 
for rating the transactions covered by the Product or for rating the issuer of the transactions covered by the Product. The purchaser of the Product may be the issuer.  
The Product is not a credit rating, and do not consider credit quality or factor into our credit ratings. The Product does not consider, state or imply the likelihood of comple tion of any projects covered by a given financing, or th e 
completion of a proposed financing. The Product encompasses Framework Alignment Opinions and Transaction Evaluations. Types of Framework Alignment Opinions include: (i) Green Framework Alignment Opinion: a Green 
Framework Alignment Opinion provides a second opinion on alignment of a green financing framework with the published “Green Bond Principles” and/or “Green Loan Principles”; (ii) Social Framework Alignment Opinions: a Soci al 
Framework Alignment Opinion provides a second opinion on alignment of a social financing framework with the published “Social Bond Principles”; and (iii) Social Framework Alignment Opinions: a Social Framework Alig n ment 
Opinion provides a second opinion on alignment of a social financing framework with the published “Social Bond Principles.”  Types of Transaction Evaluations include: (i) Green Transaction Evaluations: a Green Transaction 
Evaluation provides a relative green impact score on instruments targeted at financing environmentally beneficial projects and may also include a second opinion on alignment of the instrument with the published “Green Bon d 
Principles” and/or “Green Loan Principles”; (ii) Social Transaction Evaluations: a Social Transaction Evaluation provides a relative social impact score on instruments targeted at financing socially beneficial projects and may also 
include a second opinion on alignment of the instrument with the published “Social Bond Principles”; (iii) Sustainable Transaction Evaluations: a Sustainable Transaction Evaluation provides a relative sustainability impact scor e 
on instruments targeted at financing both environmentally and socially beneficial projects and may also include a second opinion on alignment of the instrument with the published “Sustainability Bond Guidelines”. The Produ ct i s 
a statement of opinion and is neither a verification nor a certification. The Product is a point in time evaluation reflecting the information provided to us at the time that the Product was created and published, and is not surveilled . 
The Product is not a research report and is not intended as such.  
S&P's credit ratings, opinions, analyses, rating acknowledgment decisions, any views refle cted in the Product and the output of the Product are not investment advice, recommendations regarding credit decisions, 
recommendations to purchase, hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, an offer to buy or sell or the  solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any security, endorsements of the suitability of any security, 
endorsements of the accuracy of any data or conclusions provided in the Product, or independent verification of any information relied upon in the credit rating process. The Product and any assoc iated presentations do not t a k e 
into account any user’s financial objectives, financial situation, needs or means, and should not be relied upon by users for making any investment decisions. The output of the Product is not a substitute for a user’s independ en t 
judgment and expertise. The output of the Product is not professional financial, tax or legal advice, and users should obtain independent, professional advice as it is determined necessary by users.  
While S&P has obtained information from sources it believes to be reliable, S&P does not perform an audit and undertakes no duty of due diligence or independent verification of any information it receives.  
S&P and any third-party providers, as wel l  as their directors, officers, shareholde rs, employees o r agents (colle ctively S&P Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, timeliness or avail abil ity of the Product. S&P Parties 
are not responsibl e for any errors or omissions (negligent or otherwise), regardl ess of the cause, for reliance of use of information in the Product, or for the security or maintenance of any information transmitted via the Internet, 
or for the accuracy of the information in the Product. The Product is provided on an “AS IS” basis. S&P PARTIES MAKE NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDED BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE ACCURA CY, 
RESULTS, TIMLINESS, CO MPL ETENESS, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY  PARTICULAR PURPOSE WITH RESPECT TO THE PRODUCT, OR FOR THE SECURITY OF THE WEBSITE FROM WHICH THE PRODUCT IS ACCESSED. 
S&P Parties have no responsibility to maintain or update the Product or to supply any corrections, updates or releases in connection therewith. S&P Parties have no liability for the accuracy, timeliness, reliability, perform ance, 
continued availability, completeness or delays, omissions, or interruptions in the delivery of the Product.  
To the extent permitted by law, in no event shall the S&P Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental, exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential dam ages, co sts, expe nses, leg al fees, or lo sse s 
(including, without limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses ca used by neglige nce, loss of data, cost of substitute materials, cost of capital, or claims of any third party) in connection with any use of t h e 
Product even if advised of the possibility of such damages.  
S&P maintains a separation between commercial and analytic activities. S&P keeps certain activities of its business units separate from each other in order to preserve the independence  and o bjectivity of their respective activitie s. 
As a result, certain business units of S&P may have information that is not available to other S&P business units. S&P has es tablished policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic information 
received in connection with each analytical process.  
For PRC only: Any “Sustainable Finance External Reviews and Opinions” or “assessment” assigned by S&P Global Ratings: (a) does not constitute a credit rating, rating, social financing framework evaluation or evaluation as requir ed 
under any relevant PRC laws or regulations, and (b) cannot be used within the PRC for any regulatory purpose of for any other purpose which is not permitted under relevant PRC laws or regulations. For the purpose of this section , 
“PRC” refers to the mainland of the People’s Republic of China, excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan. 
Copyright © 2020 by Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC. All rights reserved. 
spglobal.com/rating s (THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK) FOR ADDITIONAL BOOKS:  ELABRA.COM OR (888) 935-2272