se of proceeds 
The definition of the Eligible Projects and their sustainable objectives and benefits are a core element of Green/Social/Sust ainable 
Bonds and Loans standards. V.E evaluates the clarity of the definition of the Eligible Categories, as well as the definitio n and the 
relevance of the primary sustainability objectives. We evaluate the descriptions of the expected benefits in terms of relevan ce, 
measurability and quantification. In addition, we map the potential contribution of Eligible Projects to the United N ations Sustainable 
Development Goals’ targets. 
Process for evaluation and selection 
The evaluation and selection process is assessed by V.E on its transparency, governance and relevance. The eligibility criteria are 
assessed on their clarity, relevance and coverage vs. the intended objectives of the Eligible Projects.  
Management of proceeds 
The process and rules for the management and the allocation of proceeds are assessed by V.E on their transparency, traceability and 
verification. 
Reporting  
The monitoring and reporting process and commitments defined by the Issuer are assessed by V.E on their transparency, exhaustiveness 
and relevance, covering the reporting of both proceeds’ allocation and sustainable benefits (output, impact indicators). 
  September  2021   
  
Copyright V.E 2021 – Reproduction of this content (documents, graphs and images) in whole or in part are prohibited without the 
express written authorization of V.E and is protected by the provision of the French Intellectual Property Code. 
23 
 
 
Contribution to sustainability  
Scale of assessment: Weak, Limited, Robust, Advanced  
V.E’s assessment of activities’ contribution to sustainability encompasses both the evaluation of their expected positive impacts o n 
environmental and/or social objectives, as well the management of the associated potential negative impacts and externalities.  
Expected positive impact of the activities on environmental and/or social objectives  
The expected positive impact of activities on environmental and/or social objectives to be financed by the Issuer or Borrower is assessed 
on the basis of:  
i) the relevance of the activity to respond to an important environmental objective for the sector of the activity; or to respond to  an 
important social need at country level;23  
ii) the scope of the impact: the extent to which the expected impacts are reaching relevant stakeholders (i.e. the issuer, its value chain, 
local and global stakeholders); or targeting those populations most in need; 
iii) the magnitude and durability of the potential impact of the proposed activity on the environmental and/or social objectives (capacity 
to not just reduce, but to prevent/avoid negative impact; or to provide a structural/long-term improvement);  
iv) only for environmental objectives, the extent to which the activity is adopting the best available option. 
ESG risk management for eligible activities 
The identification and management of the potential ESG risks associated with the eligible projects/activities are analyzed on the basis 
of V.E’s ESG assessment methodology, international standards and sector guidelines applicable in terms of ESG management and 
assessment. 
 
ISSUER  
Management of stakeholder-related ESG controversies 
V.E defines a controversy as public information or contradictory op inions from reliable24 sources that incriminate or make allegations 
against an issuer regarding how it handles ESG issues as defined in V.E ESG framework. Each controversy may relate to several facts 
or events, to their conflicting interpretations, legal procedures or non-proven claims. 
V.E reviewed information provided by the Issuer, press content providers and stakeholders (partnership with Factiva Dow Jones: access 
to the content of 28,500 publications worldwide from reference financial newspapers to sector-focused magazines, local publications 
or Non-Government Organizations). Information gathered from these sources is considered as long as it is public, documented and 
traceable. 
V.E provides an opinion on companies’ controversies risks mitigation based on the analysis of 3 factors:  
- Frequency: reflects for each ESG challenge the number of controversies that the Issuer has faced. At corporate level, this 
factor reflects on the overall number of controversies that the Issuer has faced and the scope of ESG issues impacted (scale: 
Isolated, Occasional, Frequent, Persistent). 
- Severity: the more a controversy is related to stakeholders’ fundamental interests, proves actual corporate responsibility in its 
occurrence, and have caused adverse impacts for stakeholders and the company, the higher its severity is. Severity assigned 
 
23 The importance of a specific social need at country level is assessed on the basis of the country performance on the priority  SDG that the project is 
targeting using data from Sachs, J., Schmidt-Traub, G., Kroll, C., Lafortune, G., Fuller, G., Woelm, F. 2020. The Sustainable Development Goals and 
COVID-19. Sustainable Development Report 2020. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press.  
24 ‘Reliable’ means that there are sufficient details to substantiate claims made, with due attention paid to the political dime nsion of news and the danger 
of misinformation. V.E draws on investigative journalism, the business press, NGO and trade union reports which focus on corp orate behavior relating 
to ESG issues. It is neither possible nor advisable to create a prescriptive f ixed list of sources as new, valid sources arise all the time and it is necessary 
to investigate these as and when they are retrieved in order to comprehensively cover evolving issues and media.  September  2021   
  
Copyright V.E 2021 – Reproduction of this content (documents, graphs and images) in whole or in part are prohibited without the 
express written authorization of V.E and is protected by the provision of the French Intellectual Property Code. 
24 
 
 
at the cor porate level will reflect the highest severity of all cases faced by the company (scale: Minor, Significant, High, 
Critical). 
- Responsiveness: ability demonstrated by an Issuer to dialogue with its stakeholders in a risk management perspective and 
based on explanatory, preventative, remediating or corrective measures. At corporate level, this factor will reflect the overall 
responsiveness of the company for all cases faced (scale: Proactive, Remediate, Reactive, Non- Communicative). 
The impact of a controversy on a company's reputation reduces with time, depending on the severity of the event and the company's 
responsiveness to this event. Conventionally, V.E's controversy database covers any controversy with Minor or Significant severity during 
24 months after the last event registered and during 48 months for High and Critical controversies. 
V.E’S ASSESSMENT SCALES 
Scale of assessment of Issuer's ESG performance or strategy and financial 
instrument's Contribution to sustainability 
 Scale of assessment of financial instrument's alignment with Green 
and/or Social Bond and Loan Principles  
Advanced Advanced commitment; strong evidence of command over the 
issues dedicated to achieving the sustainability objective. An 
advanced expected impact combined with an advanced to robust 
level of E&S risk management & using innovative methods to 
anticipate new risks.  
 Best Practices The Instrument's practices go beyond the core 
practices of the ICMA's Green and/or Social 
Bond Principles and/or of the Loan Market 
Association’s Green Loan Principles by 
adopting recommended and best practices.  
Robust Convincing commitment; significant and consistent evidence of 
command over the issues. A robust expected impact combined 
with an advance to robust level of assurance of E&S risk 
management or an advanced expected impact combined with a 
limited level of assurance of  E&S risk management. 
 Aligned The Instrument has adopted all the core 
practices of the ICMA's Green and/or Social 
Bond Principles and/or of the Loan Market 
Association’s Green Loan Principles.  
Limited Commitment to the objective of sustainability has been initiated or 
partially achieved; fragmentary evidence of command over the 
issues. A limited expected impact combined with an advanced to 
limited level of assurance of E&S risk management; or a robust 
expected impact combined with a limited to weak level of 
assurance of E&S risk management; or an advance expected 
impact combined with a weak level of assurance of E&S risk 
management.  
 Partially 
Aligned 
The Instrument has adopted a majority of the 
core practices of the ICMA's Green and/or 
Social Bond Principles and/or of the Loan 
Market Association’s Green Loan Principles, 
but not all of them.  
Weak Commitment to social/environmental responsibility is non-
tangible; no evidence of command over the issues. A weak 
expected impact combined with an advanced to weak level of 
assurance of E&S risk management or a limited expected impact 
with a weak level of assurance of E&S risk management. 
 Not Aligned The Instrument has adopted only a minority of 
the core practices of the ICMA's Green 
and/or Social Bond Principles and/or of the 
Loan Market Association’s Green Loan 
Principles. 
Statement on V.E' s independence and conflict-of-interest policy 
Transparency on the relation between V.E and the Issuer: V.E has not carried out any audit mission or consultancy activity for City of Tampa. No established 
relation (financial or commercial) exists between V.E and the City of Tampa. V.E’s conflict of interest policy is covered by its Code of Conduct, which can 
be found at http://vigeo-eiris.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/07/Code-of-Conduct-Vigeo-Eiris-EN.pdf  
This opinion aims at providing an independent opinion on the sustainability credentials and management of the Bond /Loan, based on the information 
which has been made available to V.E. V.E has neither interviewed stakeholders out of the Issuer /Borrower’s employees, nor performed an on -site audit 
nor other test to check the accuracy of the information provided by the Issuer/Borrower. The accuracy, comprehensiveness and trustworthiness of the  
information collected are a responsibility of the Issuer/Borrower. The Issuer/Borrower is fully responsible for attesting the compliance with its commitments 
defined in its policies, for their implementation and their monitoring. The opinion delivered by V.E neither focuses on the financial performance of the 
Bond/Loan, nor on the effective allocation of its proceeds. V.E is not liable for the induced consequences when third parties use this opinion either to 
make investments decisions or to make any kind of business transaction. Restriction on distribution and use of this opinion: The deliverables remain the 
property of V.E. The draft version of the Second Party Opinion by V.E is for information purpose only and shall not be disclosed by the client. V.E grants 
the Issuer/Borrower all rights to use the final version of the Second Party Opinion delivered for external use via any media that the Issuer/Borrower shall 
determine in a worldwide perimeter. The Issuer/Borrower has the right to communicate to the outside only the Second Party Opinion complete and without 
any modification, that is to say without making selection, withdrawal or addition, without altering it in any way, either in substance or in the form and shall 
only be used in the frame of the contemplated concerned bond/loan(s) issuance. The Issuer acknowledges and agrees that V.E reserves the right to publish 
the final version of the Second Party Opinion on V.E’ website and on V.E’ internal and external communication supporting documents.   
September  2021   
  
Copyright V.E 2021 – Reproduction of this content (documents, graphs and images) in whole or in part are prohibited without the 
express written authorization of V.E and is protected by the provision of the F