use of proceeds of 
the issue (Unrelated Use) and use that is related but disproportionate to any governmental use of 
those proceeds (Disproportionate Use). 
(f) The City will not take any action nor fail to take any action with respect to the 
Bonds that would result in the loss of the exclusion from gross income for federal tax purposes on 
the Bonds pursuant to Section 103 of the Code, nor will the City act in any other manner which 
would adversely affect such exclusion. The City covenants and agrees not to enter into any 
contracts or arrangements which would cause the Bonds to be treated as private activity bonds 
under Section 141 of the Code. . 
(g) It shall be not an event of default under this Ordinance if the interest on any Bond 
is not excludable from gross income for federal tax purposes or otherwise pursuant to any provision 
of the Code which is not currently in effect and in existence on the date of issuance of the Bonds. 
(h) These covenants are based solely on current law in effect and in existence on the 
date of delivery of such Bonds. 
(i) The City represents that it will rebate any arbitrage profits to the United States in 
accordance with the Code. 
G) The Common Council hereby authorizes the Mayor and the Controller to determine 
whether any series of Bonds qualify for the exception in the Code from the disallowance of 100% 
of the deduction by financial institutions of interest expense allocable to newly acquired tax­
exempt obligations. Such designation, if made, will be set forth in the arbitrage certificate delivered 
by the City in connection with the Bonds. 
Notwithstanding any provision of this Ordinance to the contrary, the City may elect to issue 
a series of the Bonds, the interest on which is not excludable from gross income for federal tax 
purposes, so long as such election does not adversely affect the exclusion from gross income of 
interest for federal tax purposes on any other series of the Bonds, by making such election on the 
date of delivery of such series of the Bonds. In such case, the covenants in this section of the 
Ordinance shall not apply to such series of the Bonds. 
SECTION 25. Waiver of Tax Covenants. Notwithstanding any other provision of this 
Ordinance, any of the covenants and authorizations contained in Section 24 of this Ordinance (the 
"Tax Covenants"), which are designed to preserve the exclusion of interest on the Bonds from 
gross income for purposes of federal income taxation, need not be complied with if the City 
receives an opinion of nationally recognized bond counsel to the effect that compliance with such 
Tax Covenant is unnecessary to preserve such exclusion of interest. 
SECTION 26. Supplemental Ordinances Without Consent. Without notice to or consent of 
the owners of the Bonds herein authorized, the City may, from time to time and at any time, adopt 
an ordinance or ordinances supplemental hereto (which supplemental ordinance or ordinances 
shall thereafter form a part hereof) for any of the following purposes: 
(a) To cure any alnbiguity or formal defect or olnission in this Ordinance or in any 
supplemental ordinance or to make any other change authorized herein; 
(b) To grant to or confer upon the owners of the Bonds any additional benefits, rights, 
remedies, powers, authority or security that may lawfully be granted to or conferred upon the 
16 owners of the Bonds or to make any change which, in the judgment of the City, is not to the 
prejudice of the owners of the Bonds; 
( c) To modify, amend or supplement this Ordinance to permit the qualification of the 
Bonds for sale under the securities laws of the United States of America or of any of the states of 
the United States of America or to obtain or maintain bond insurance or other credit enhancement 
with respect to payments of principal of and interest on Bonds; 
(d) To provide for the refunding or advance refunding of the Bonds; 
(e) To procure a rating on the Bonds from a nationally recognized securities rating 
agency or agencies designated in such supplemental ordinance if such supplemental ordinance will 
not adversely affect the owners of the Bonds or any other bonds ranking on a parity with such 
Bonds; or 
(f) To accomplish any other purpose which, in the judgment of the City, does not 
adversely affect the interests of the owners of the Bonds. 
SECTION 27. Amendments with Consent of Bondholders. Subject to the terms and 
provisions contained in Section 22(f), Section 25 and this Section 26, and not otherwise, the owners 
of not less than sixty-six and two-thirds percent (66 2/3%) in aggregate principal amount of the 
Bonds issued pursuant to this Ordinance and then outstanding shall have the right, from tilTIe to 
time, anything contained in this Ordinance to the contrary notwithstanding, to consent to and 
approve the adoption by the City of such ordinance or ordinances supplemental hereto as shall be 
deemed necessary or desirable by the City for the purpose of modifying, altering, amending, 
adding to or rescinding in any particular any of the terms or provisions contained in this Ordinance, 
or in any supplemental ordinance; provided, however, that nothing herein contained shall permit 
or be construed as permitting: 
(a) An extension of the maturity of the principal of or interest on any Bond issued 
pursuant to this Ordinance; or 
(b) A reduction in the principal amount of any Bond or the redemption premium or the 
rate of interest thereon; or 
( c) The creation of a lien upon or a pledge of the revenues of the Waterworks ranking 
prior to the pledge thereof created by this Ordinance; or 
(d) A preference or priority of any Bond or Bonds issued pursuant to this Ordinance 
over any other Bond or Bonds issued pursuant to the provisions of this Ordinance; or 
( e) A reduction in the aggregate principal alTIount of the Bonds required for consent to 
such supplemental ordinance; or 
(f) A reduction in the required balance to be held as a reserve for the Bonds; or 
(g) The extension of mandatory sinking fund redemption dates, if any. 
If the owners of not less than sixty-six and two-thirds percent (66 2/3%) in aggregate 
principal amount of the Bonds outstanding at the time of adoption of such supplemental ordinance 
shall have consented to and approved the adoption thereof by written instrument to be maintained 
on file in the office of the Controller of the City, no owner of any Bond issued pursuant to this 
Ordinance shall have any right to object to the adoption of such supplemental ordinance or to 
object to any of the terms and provisions contained therein or the operation thereof, or in any 
manner to question the propriety of the adoption thereof, or to enjoin or restrain the City or its 
officers from adopting the same, or from taking any action pursuant to the provisions thereof. Upon 
the adoption of any supplemental ordinance pursuant to the provisions of this section, this 
Ordinance shall be, and shall be deemed, modified and amended in accordance therewith, and the 
respective rights, duties and obligations under this Ordinance of the City and all owners of Bonds 
issued pursuant to the provisions of this Ordinance then outstanding, shall thereafter be determined 
exercised and enforced in accordance with this Ordinance, subject in all respects to such 
modifications and amendments. Notwithstanding anything contained in the foregoing provisions 
of this Ordinance, the rights and obligations of the City and of the owners of the Bonds authorized 
by this Ordinance, and the terms and provisions of the Bonds and this Ordinance, or any 
17 supplemental ordinance, may be modified or altered in any respect with the consent of the City 
and the consent of the owners of all the Bonds issued pursuant to this Ordinance then outstanding. 
SECTION 28. Non-Business Days. If the date for making any payment or the last date for 
performance of any act or the exercising of any right, as provided in this Ordinance, is a legal 
holiday or a day on which banking institutions in the area are typically closed, such payment may 
be made or act performed or right exercised on the next succeeding day not a legal holiday or a 
day on which such banking institutions are typically closed, with the same force and effect as if 
done on the nominal date provided in this Ordinance, and no interest shall accrue for the period 
after such nOlninal day. 
SECTION 29. IURC. The Waterworks is subject to the jurisdiction of the IURC for the 
approval of the issuance of bonds and rates and charges. Prior to the issuance of the Bonds or any 
BAN with a maturity of lnore than twelve (12) months, the City shall obtain the approval of the 
IURC for the issuance of said Bonds or BANs. The City hereby authorizes the Mayor to retain 
legal counsel and other professional services as may be necessary to obtain said approval frOln the 
IURC and to initiate the proceedings necessary for obtaining said approval. 
SECTION 31. Other Actions. Each of the Mayor and the Controller is hereby authorized 
and directed, for an on behalf of the City, to execute and deliver any agreement, certificate or other 
instrument or take any other action which such officer determines to be necessary or desirable to 
carry out the transactions contelnplated by this Ordinance, which determination shall be 
conclusively evidenced by such officer's having executed such agreement, certificate or other 
instrument or having taken such other action, and any such agreement, certificate or other 
instrument heretofore executed and delivered and any such other action heretofore taken are hereby 
ratified and approved. 
SECTION 32. Repeal; Construction with Other Ordinances. All ordinances, resolutions 
and orders, or parts thereof, in conflict with the provisions of this Ordinance, are, to the extent of 
such conflict, hereby repealed; provided, however, that this Ordinance shall not be deemed in any 
way to repeal, amend, alter or modify any of the Prior Ordinances, nor be construed as adversely 
affecting the rights of any of the owners of the outstanding Prior Bonds. 
SECTION 33. Severability. If any section, paragraph or provision of this Ordinance shall 
be held to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason, the invalidity or unenforceability of such 
section, paragraph or provision shall not affect any of the remaining provisions of this Ordinance. 
SECTION 34. Captions. The captions in this Ordinance are inserted only as a matter of 
convenience and reference, and such captions are not intended and shall not be construed to define, 
limit, establish, interpret or describe the scope, intent or effect of any provision of this Ordinance. 
SECTION 35. Effective Date. This Ordinance shall be in full force and effect from and 
after its passage and approval by the Mayor. 
[Signature Page Follows] 
18 PASSED AND ADOPTED by the Common Council of the City of Bloomington, Indiana, this 
fl day of lY)afcJv , 2021. ---,jk~_. _fJv_~_~_" _ . ______ _ 
J~S, President 
ATTEST: 
It{)/Zi~ 
NICOLE BOLDEN, Clerk 
City of Bloomington 
Bloomington Common Council 
PRESENTED by me to the Mayor of the City of Bloomington, Indiana, this I q day of 
m ().,Y dv ,2021. 
NICOLE BOLDEN, Clerk 
City of Bloomington 
SIGNED and APPROVED this 2S~y of M_l ,2021. 
HAMILTON, Mayor 
of Bloomington 
SYNOPSIS 
This ordinance authorizes the City of Bloomington to issue one or more series of its Waterworks 
Revenue Bonds of2022, in the aggregate principal amount not to exceed $17,200,000. The 2022 
bonds will be issued to finance the costs of design, engineering, acquisition, construction, 
equipping, and improvement of capital projects related to the Monroe Water Treatment Plant and 
distribution system of the Waterworks utility, and pay costs of issuance of the bonds . 
19 EXHIBIT A