use of proceeds of the issue (Unrelated Use) and use that is related but disproportionate to any 
governmental use of those proceeds (Disproportionate Use). 
(f) The City will not take any action nor f ail to take any action with respect to the 
Refunding Bonds that would result in the loss of the exclusion from gross income for federal tax 
purposes on the Refunding Bonds pursuant to Section 103 of the Code, nor will the City act in any 
other manner which would adversely affect such exclusion. The City covenants and agrees not to 
enter into any contracts or arrangements which would cause the Refunding Bonds to be treated as 
private activity bonds under Section 141 of the Code. 
(g) It shall be not an event of default under this Ordinance  if the interest on any 
Refunding Bond is not excludable from gross income for federal tax purposes or otherwise 
pursuant to any provision of the Code which is not currently in effect and in existence on the date 
of issuance of the Refunding Bonds. 
(h) These covenants are based solely on current law in effect and in existence on the 
date of delivery of such Refunding Bonds. 
(i) The City represents that it will rebate any arbitrage profits to the United States in 
accordance with the Code. 
(j) The Common Council hereby authorizes the Mayor and the Controller to determine 
whether any series of Refunding Bonds qualify for the exception in the Code from the disallowance 
of 100% of the deduction by financial institutions of interest expense allocable to newly acquired 
tax-exempt obligations. Such designation, if made, will be set forth in the arbitrage certificate 
delivered by the City in connection with the Refunding Bonds. 
SECTION 23. Waiver of Tax Covenants .  Notwithstanding any other provision of this 
Ordinance, any of the covenants and authorizations contained in Section 22 of this Ordinance (the 
“Tax Covenants”), which are designed to preserve the exclusion of interes t on the Refunding 20 
 
Bonds from gross income for purposes of federal income taxation, need not be complied with if 
the City receives an opinion of nationally recognized bond counsel to the effect that compliance 
with such Tax Covenant is unnecessary to preserve such exclusion of interest. 
SECTION 24. Amendments with Consent of Bondholders . Subject to the terms and 
provisions contained in this Section and Section 20(f), and not otherwise, the owners of not less 
than sixty-six and two-thirds percent (66 2/3%) in aggregate  principal amount of the Refunding 
Bonds issued pursuant to this Ordinance  and then outstanding shall have the right, from time to 
time, anything contained in this Ordinance  to the contrary notwithstanding, to consent to and 
approve the adoption by the City of such ordinance or ordinances supplemental hereto as shall be 
deemed necessary or desirable by the City  for the purpose of modifying, altering, amending, 
adding to or rescinding in any particular any of the terms or provisions contained in this Ordinance, 
or in any supplemental ordinance; provided, however, that nothing herein contained shall permit 
or be construed as permitting: 
(a) An extension of the maturity of the principal of or interest on any Refunding Bond 
issued pursuant to this Ordinance; or 
(b) A re duction in the principal amount of any Refunding Bond or the redemption 
premium or the rate of interest thereon; or 
(c) The creation of a lien upon or a pledge of the revenues of the sewage works ranking 
prior to the pledge thereof created by this Ordinance; or 
(d) A preference or priority of any Refunding Bond or Refunding Bonds issued 
pursuant to this Ordinance over any other Refunding Bond or Refunding Bonds issued pursuant to 
the provisions of this Ordinance; or 
(e) A reduction in the aggregate principal amount of the Refunding Bonds required for 
consent to such supplemental ordinance; or 
(f) A reduction in the required balance to be held as a reserve for the Refunding Bonds; 
or 
(g) The extension of mandatory sinking fund redemption dates, if any. 
If the owners of not less than sixty- six and two -thirds percent (66 2/3%) in aggregate 
principal amount of the Refunding Bonds outstanding at the time of adoption of such supplemental 
ordinance shall have consented to and approved the adoption thereof by w ritten instrument to be 
maintained on file in the office of the Controller  of the City , no owner of any Refunding Bond 
issued pursuant to this Ordinance  shall have any right to object to the adoption of such 
supplemental ordinance or to object to any of th e terms and provisions contained therein or the 
operation thereof, or in any manner to question the propriety of the adoption thereof, or to enjoin 
or restrain the City  or its officers from adopting the same, or from taking any action pursuant to 
the provi sions thereof. Upon the adoption of any supplemental ordinance pursuant to the 
provisions of this section, this Ordinance shall be, and shall be deemed, modified and amended in 
accordance therewith, and the respective rights, duties and obligations under this Ordinance of the 
City and all owners of Refunding Bonds issued pursuant to the provisions of this Ordinance  then 21 
 
outstanding, shall thereafter be determined exercised and enforced in accordance with this 
Ordinance, subject in all respects to such modif ications and amendments. Notwithstanding 
anything contained in the foregoing provisions of this Ordinance, the rights and obligations of the 
City and of the owners of the Refunding Bonds authorized by this Ordinance , and the terms and 
provisions of the Ref unding Bonds and this Ordinance , or any supplemental ordinance, may be 
modified or altered in any respect with the consent of the City and the consent of the owners of all 
the Refunding Bonds issued pursuant to this Ordinance then outstanding. 
SECTION 25. Non-Business Days.  If the date for making any payment or the last date for 
performance of any act or the exercising of any right, as provided in this Ordinance , is a legal 
holiday or a day on which banking institutions in the area are typically closed, such payment may 
be made or act performed or right exercised on the next succeeding day not a legal holiday or a 
day on which such banking institutions are typically closed, with the same force and effect as if 
done on the nominal date provided in this Ordi nance, and no interest shall accrue for the period 
after such nominal day. 
SECTION 26. Other Actions.  Each of the Mayor and the Controller  is hereby authorized 
and directed, for an on behalf of the City, to execute and deliver any agreement, certificate or other 
instrument or take any other action which such officer determines to be necessary or desirable to 
carry out the transactions contemplated by this Ordinance , which determination shall be 
conclusively evidenced by such officer’s having executed such agreement, certificate or other 
instrument or having taken such other action, and any such agreement, certificate or other 
instrument heretofore executed and delivered and any such other action heretofore taken are hereby 
ratified and approved.  Pursuant to Indiana Code 5-1-14-18, in connection with the issuance of the 
Refunding Bonds, the execution of the Refunding Bonds and any other contract, certificate or other 
document executed and delivered by or on behalf of the City in connection with the issuance of 
the Refunding Bonds, is authorized to be executed and delivered using electronic signatures  (as 
defined in Indiana Code 26-2-8-102(10), as amended), rather than manual signatures, and any such 
Refunding Bonds or any other contract, certificate or other document ex ecuted and delivered by 
or on behalf of the City in connection with the issuance of the Refunding Bonds using electronic 
signatures shall be considered fully legal and valid for all purposes and with the same force and 
effect as if the execution were performed with manual signatures.   
SECTION 27. Construction with Other Ordinances .  All ordinances , except for the Prior 
Ordinance, in conflict with this Ordinance are hereby repealed. 
SECTION 28. Captions.  The captions in this Ordinance are inserted only as a matter of 
convenience and reference, and such captions are not intended and shall not be construed to define, 
limit, establish, interpret or describe the scope, intent or effect of any provision of this Ordinance. 
SECTION 29. Effective Date.  This Ordinance shall be in full force and effect from and 
after its passage and approval by the Mayor. 
  22 
 
PASSED AND ADOPTED by the Common Council of the City of Bloomington, Indiana , this 
____ day of _______________, 2021. 
   
JIM SIMS, President 
Bloomington Common Council 
ATTEST: 
 
  
NICOLE BOLDEN, Clerk 
City of Bloomington 
 
 
 
PRESENTED by me to the Mayor of the City of Bloomington, Indiana, this ____ day of 
_____________, 2021. 
   
NICOLE BOLDEN, Clerk 
City of Bloomington 
 
 
 
SIGNED and APPROVED this ____ day of ______________, 2021. 
 
  
  
JOHN HAMILTON, Mayor 
City of Bloomington 
 
 
 
 
 
 SYNOPSIS 
 
This ordinance authorizes the City of Bloomington to issue its Sewage Works Refunding Revenue 
Bonds of 2021, in one or more series, in the aggregate principal amount not to exceed $8,500,000.  
The 2021 bonds will be issued to refund the City’s currently outstanding Sewage Works Refunding 
Revenue Bonds, Series 2012A and its currently outstanding Sewage Works Revenue Bonds, Series 
2012C, all for the purpose of obtaining lower interest costs and a reduction of debt service 
payments on such outstanding bonds, thereby achieving significant savings for the City.   
 DMS 21139138.2 
A-1 
 
 
EXHIBIT A 
 
R-__ 
 
 [FORM OF REGISTERED BOND]