Use of proceeds 
The definition of the Eligible Projects and their sustainable objectives and benefits are a core element of Green/Social/Sust ainable 
Bonds and Loans standards. V.E eva luates the clarity of the definition of the Eligible Categories, as well as the definition and the 
relevance of the primary sustainability objectives. We evaluate the descriptions of the expected benefits in terms of relevan ce, 
measurability and quantification. In addition, we map the potential contribution of Eligible Projects to the United Nations Sustainable 
Development Goals’ targets. 
Process for evaluation and selection 
The evaluation and selection process is assessed by V.E on its transparency, govern ance and relevance. The eligibility criteria are 
assessed on their clarity, relevance and coverage vs. the intended objectives of the Eligible Projects.  
Management of proceeds 
The process and rules for the management and the allocation of proceeds are ass essed by V.E on their transparency, traceability and 
verification. 
Reporting  
The monitoring and reporting process and commitments defined by the Issuer are assessed by V.E on their transparency, exhaustiveness 
and relevance, covering the reporting of both proceeds’ allocation and sustainable benefits (output, impact indicators). 
  
G-19 
January 26, 2022 .   
 
Copyright V.E 2022 – Reproduction of this content (documents, graphs and images) in whole or in part are prohibited without the 
express written authorization of V.E and is protected by the provision of the French Intellectual Property Code. 
20 
 
Contribution to sustainability  
Scale of assessment: Weak, Limited, Robust, Advanced  
V.E’s assessment of activities’ contribution to sustainability encompasses both the evaluation of their expected positive imp acts on 
environmental objectives, as well the management of the associated potential negative impacts and externalities.  
Expected positive impact of the activities on environmental objectives 
The expected positive impact of activities on environmental objectives to be financed by the Issuer or Borrower is assessed on the basis 
of:  
i) the relevance of the activity to respond to an important environmental objective for the sector of the activity;9  
ii) the scope of the impact: the extent to which the expected impacts are reaching relevant stakeholders (i.e. the issuer, its value chain, 
local and global stakeholders); 
iii) the magnitude and durability of the potential impact of the proposed activity on the environmental objectives (capacity to not just 
reduce, but to prevent/avoid negative impact; or to provide a structural/long-term improvement);  
iv) the extent to which the activity is adopting the best available option. 
ESG risk management for eligible activities 
The identification and management of the potential ESG risks associated with the eligible projects/activities are analysed on  the basis 
of V.E’s ESG assessment methodology,  international standards and sector guidelines applicable in terms of ESG management and 
assessment. 
 
ISSUER  
Management of Stakeholder Related ESG Controversies  
V.E defines a controversy as public information or contradictory opinions from reliable sources that incriminate or make alle gations 
against an issuer regarding how it handles ESG issues as defined in V.E ESG framework. Each controversy may relate to several facts 
or events, to their conflicting interpretations, legal procedures or non-proven claims.  
V.E reviewed information provided by the Issuer, press content providers and stakeholders (partnership with Factiva Dow Jones: access 
to the content of 28,500 publications worldwide from reference financial newspapers to sector-focused magazines, local publications 
or Non Government Organizations). Information gathered from these sources is considered as long as it is public, documented a nd 
traceable.  
V.E provides an opinion on companies’ controversies risks mitigation based on the analysis of 3 factors:  
• Frequency: reflects for each ESG challenge the number of controversies that the Issuer has faced. At corporate level, this 
factor reflects on the overall number of controversies that the Issuer has faced and the scope of ESG issues impacted 
(scale: Isolated, Occasional, Frequent, Persistent). 
• Severity: the more a controversy is related to stakeholders’ fundamental interests, proves actual corporate responsibility in 
its occurrence, and have caused adverse impacts for stakeholders and the company, the higher its severity is. Severity 
assigned at the corporate level will reflect the highest severity of all cases faced by the company (scale: Minor, Significant, 
High, Critical). 
• Responsiveness: ability demonstrated by an Issuer to dialogue with its stakeholders in a risk management perspective and 
based on explanatory, preventative, remediating or corrective measures. At corporate level, this factor will reflect the 
overall responsiveness of the company for all cases faced (scale: Proactive, Remediate, Reactive, Non- Communicative).  
 
The impact of a controversy on a company's reputation reduces with time, depending on the severity of the event and the company's 
responsiveness to this event. Conventionally, V.E's controversy database covers any controversy with Minor or Significant severity 
during 24 months after the last event registered and during 48 months for High and Critical controversies. 
 
9 The importance of a specific social need at country level is assessed on the basis of the country performance on the priority SDG that the project is 
targeting using data from Sachs, J., Schmidt-Traub, G., Kroll, C., Lafortune, G., Fuller, G., Woelm, F. 2020. The Sustainable Development Goals and 
COVID-19. Sustainable Development Report 2020. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press.   
G-20 
January 26, 2022 .   
 
Copyright V.E 2022 – Reproduction of this content (documents, graphs and images) in whole or in part are prohibited without the 
express written authorization of V.E and is protected by the provision of the French Intellectual Property Code. 
21 
 
Involvement in Controversial Activities  
17 controversial activities have been analysed following 30 parameters to screen the company's involvement in any of them. Th e 
company's level of involvement (Major, Minor, No) in a controversial activity is based on:  
• An estimation of the revenues derived from controversial products or services.  
• The specific nature of the controversial products or services provided by the company. 
  
G-21 
January 26, 2022 .   
 
Copyright V.E 2022 – Reproduction of this content (documents, graphs and images) in whole or in part are prohibited without the 
express written authorization of V.E and is protected by the provision of the French Intellectual Property Code. 
22 
 
V.E’S ASSESSMENT SCALES 
Scale of assessment of Issuer's ESG performance or strategy and 
financial instrument's Contribution to sustainability 
 Scale of assessment of financial instrument's alignment with Green 
and/or Social Bond and Loan Principles  
Advanced Advanced commitment; strong evidence of 
command over the issues dedicated to achieving 
the sustainability objective. An advanced expected 
impact combined with an advanced to robust level 
of E&S risk management & using innovative 
methods to anticipate new risks.  
 Best Practices The Instrument's practices go beyond the core 
practices of the ICMA's Green and/or Social Bond 
Principles and/or of the Loan Market Association’s 
Green Loan Principles by adopting recommended 
and best practices.  
Robust Convincing commitment; significant and consistent 
evidence of command over the issues. A robust 
expected impact combined with an advance to 
robust level of assurance of E&S risk management 
or an advanced expected impact combined with a 
limited level of assurance of E&S risk management. 
 Aligned The Instrument has adopted all the core practices of 
the ICMA's Green and/or Social Bond Principles 
and/or of the Loan Market Association’s Green Loan 
Principles.  
Limited Commitment to the objective of sustainability has 
been initiated or partially achieved; fragmentary 
evidence of command over the issues. A limited 
expected impact combined with an advanced to 
limited level of assurance of E&S risk management; 
or a robust expected impact combined with a 
limited to weak level of assurance of E&S risk 
management; or an advance expected impact 
combined with a weak level of assurance of E&S 
risk management.  
 Partially 
Aligned 
The Instrument has adopted a majority of the core 
practices of the ICMA's Green and/or Social Bond 
Principles and/or of the Loan Market Association’s 
Green Loan Principles, but not all of them.  
Weak Commitment to social/environmental responsibility 
is non-tangible; no evidence of command over the 
issues. A weak expected impact combined with an 
advanced to weak level of assurance of E&S risk 
management or a limited expected impact with a 
weak level of assurance of E&S risk management. 
 Not Aligned The Instrument has adopted only a minority of the 
core practices of the ICMA's Green and/or Social 
Bond Principles and/or of the Loan Market 
Association’s Green Loan Principles. 
 
 
STATEMENT ON V.E' S INDEPENDENCE AND CONFLICT -OF -INTEREST 
POLICY  
Transparency on the relation between V.E and the Issuer: V.E has carried out two audit mission or consultancy activity for DC Water. 
No established relation (financial or commercial) exists between V.E and DC Water. V.E’s conflict of interest policy is covered by the 
Moody’s Corporation Code of Conduct. 
This opinion aims at providing an independent opinion on the sustainability credentials and management of the Bonds, based on  the 
information which has been made available to V.E. V.E has neither interviewed stakeholders out of the Issuer’s employees, nor 
performed an on -site audit nor other test to check the accuracy of the information provided by the Issuer. The accuracy, 
comprehensiveness and trustworthiness of the information collected are a responsibility of the Issuer. The Issuer is fully responsible for 
attesting the compliance with its commitments defined in its policies, for their implementation and their monitoring. The opi nion 
delivered by V.E neither focuses on the financial performance of the Bond/Loan, nor on the effective allocation of its proceeds. V.E is 
not liable for the induced consequences when third parties use this opinion either to make investments decisions or to make a ny kind 
of business transaction. Restriction on distribution and use of this opinion: The deliverables remain the property of V.E. The draft version 
of the Second Party Opinion by V.E is for information purpose only and shall not be disclosed by the client. V.E grants the Issuer all 
rights to use the final version of the Second Party Opinion delivered for external use via any media that the Issuer shall determine in a 
worldwide perimeter. The Issuer has the right to communicate to the outside only the Second Party Opinion complete and without any 
modification, that is to say without making selection, withdrawal or addition, without altering it in any way, either in substance or in the 
form and shall only be used in the frame of the contemplated concerned bond (s) issuance. The Issuer acknowledges and agrees that 
V.E reserves the right to publish the final version of the Second Party Opinion on V.E’ website and on V.E’ internal and exte rnal 
communication supporting documents. 
  
G-22 
January 26, 2022 .   
 
Copyright V.E 2022 – Reproduction of this content (documents, graphs and images) in whole or in part are prohibited without the 
express written authorization of V.E and is protected by the provision of the French Intellectual Property Code. 
23 
 
DISCLAIMER  
© 2022 Vigeo SAS and/or its licensors and subsidiaries (collectively, “V.E”). All rights reserved. 
V.E provides its customers with data, informati