Use of Proceeds 
1.1 Project Documentation Review documentation of the Nominated Projects assessed as likely to be 
Eligible Projects, and list of Nominated Projects that Issuer will keep up -to-
date during the term of the bond. 
1.2 Valuation Review net proceeds of the bond to ensure they are not greater than the value 
of the project.  
1.3 Multiple Nominations for 
Certified Debt 
Instruments 
Review Nominated Projects for previous nominations to other Certified Climate 
Debt Instruments, green bonds, or other designated instruments. 
1.3.1 Nominations to Other 
Debt Instruments 
Review Nominated Projects to determine whether cert ain portions are being 
financed by separately designated Certified Debt Instruments. 
1.3.2 Refunding Existing 
Certified Climate Debt 
Review and confirm whether Nominated Projects have been refinanced by other 
Certified Debt Instruments or bonds under assessment will refinance existing 
Certified Debt Instruments. 
2. Process for Project Evaluation and Selection 
2.1 Environmental Statement 
& Process (2.1.1-2.1.4) 
Review statement of the climate -related objectives of the bond. Review 
documentation of the process that the Issuer followed to identify projects and 
confirm eligibility requirements for inclusion of Nominated Projects in the bond. 
Review planning documents which establish goals, priorities and potential 
impact. 
2.2 Eligibility (2.2.1-2.2.2) Review additional documentation Issuer provided on further aspects of 
identification process including strategic directions and standards. Review the 
Issuer’s environmental and social integrity policy, and/or Green Bond 
Framework, and confirm its coverage of the Nominated Projects. 
2.3 Taxonomy & Technical 
Criteria 
Test Nominated Projects to determine whet her they meet the minimum 
technical requirements of the Climate Bonds Standard and relevant Sector 
Criteria (Part C: Eligibility of Projects and Assets). 
3. Management of Proceeds 
3.1 Documentation of 
Processes & Procedures 
Confirm that the policies, processes and procedures for tracking financial flows 
of the bond proceeds to the Nominated Projects are in place. 
3.1.1 Tracking of Proceeds Review the allocation of funds to ensure they can be tracked against Nominated 
Projects. 
3.1.2 Managing of Unallocated 
Proceeds 
Review documentation for the management of bond proceeds for funds that 
are not allocated to a Nominated Project and review eligible temporary 
investments for unallocated proceeds. 
3.1.3 Earmarking Funds Confirm that the policies, processes and procedures to identify flows of 
proceeds related to the Bond have been established. 
4. Reporting 
4.1 Bond Disclosure 
Documentation 
Review the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework and confirm plans to make the 
document publicly available. Confirm inclusion of necessary information within 
the Green Bond Framework.  
4.1.1 Confirmation of 
Alignment  
In the Green Bond Framework, confirm document ation and review areas of 
investment align with the Climate Bonds Standard and review statements of 
alignment with other relevant standards.  
4.1.2 Uses of Proceeds  In the Green Bond Framework, confirm documentation and review expected 
uses of proceeds and the amounts allocate d to activities in relevant sectors 
and subsectors. Kestrel Verifiers | Climate Bonds Verifier’s Report  11