Use of Proceeds 
The Bonds will finance and refund water system improvements. Financed 
projects are eligible green projects as defined by the Green Bond Principles 
in the project category of Sustainable Water Management. The projects 
serve approximately 1.5 million people and businesses and more than 17 
suburban water districts and municipalities. 
A portion of Bond proceeds will finance capital improvement projects in 
the adopted  2022- 2027 Capital Improvement Program (“CIP”) , as 
described in Table 1 . The remaining proceeds will refund the City of 
Seattle, Washington , Water System Refunding Revenue B onds, 201 2 
(“2012 Bonds”) which refunded multiple outstanding bonds as described in 
the Official Statement (collectively, the “Refunded Bonds”).  
Table 1: Overview of Water System program areas receiving Bond proceeds  
Program Examples 
Distribution 
Rehabilitation and improvements to water mains, storage, and facilities 
that distribute water; may include projects such as safety upgrades, pump 
station improvements 
Transmission 
Rehabilitation and improvements to transmission infrastructure for 
delivering untreated water to treatment facilities and other water 
customers; may include seismic upgrades 
Watershed Stewardship 
Protection and conservation of water resources  in Cedar River and South 
Fork Tolt River watersheds, including restoration activities, habitat 
improvements, and responsible management of natural resources 
Water Quality & Treatment 
Construction and rehabilitation of water treatment facilities and reservoirs, 
including covering open reservoirs and responding to changing state and 
federal regulatory standards 
 
2 Green Bonds are any type of bond instrument where the proceeds will be exclusively applied to finance or refinance eligible Green 
Projects which are aligned with the four core components of ICMA’s Green Bond Principles. 
Green Standard 
 
 
Eligible Project Category: 
 Sustainable Water 
Management 
Kestrel Verifiers | Second Party Opinion  3 
Program Examples 
Water Resources 
Planning and activities to meet anticipated demand for water to support 
ecosystem health and community needs; includes educati on and actions 
to reduce residential and commercial water use and management of water 
flow requirements for aquatic habitat, riparian vegetation, and wetlands 
Habitat Conservation 
Program 
Projects identified in the Cedar River Watershed Habitat Conservation Plan, 
including activities related to the Endangered Species Act, land acquisition, 
and investment in in -stream flows, forest and land conservation, and 
salmon and steelhead fish spawning habitat restoration 
Shared Cost Projects Partnership with other entities to support interdepartmental programs 
Technology Technology improvements to manage billing, project management, system 
performance metrics, and other technology investments 
 
SPU’s long history of watershed stewardship is infused in projects financed by the Refunded Bonds. In 1996, 
ownership of Cedar River and South Fork Tolt Watersheds was consolidated through the US Forest Service 
for long-term conservation and management by the City of Seattle. Activities are guided by comprehensive 
management policies that support sustainable forest management, protection of fish and wildlife habitat, 
watershed research, and education. In 2000, commercial timber harvest was halted in the Ceda r River 
Watershed and forests may only be cut now for purposes of environmental restoration. The City continues 
to invest in aquatic resources research to guide  decision-making for watershed planning and salmon 
recovery in regional watersheds.  
SPU has als o demonstrated major success in achieving its water conservation goals. Proceeds of the 
Refunded Bonds have enabled these achievements. The One Percent Regional Conservation Program  was 
initiated in 1999 and outlined a goal to maintain stable water demand for ten years while simultaneously 
experiencing significant population growth. Continuing this commitment to conservation, SPU’s 2007 Water 
System Plan included programs to provide 15 million gallons per day ( MGD) water use savings between 
2011 and 2030. T his program was identified in response to the Municipal Water Law passed by the 
Washington State Legislature in 2003 that established water use efficiency standards. Projects financed by 
the Refunded Bonds support these programs. 
The projects and activities in CIPs financed by the Refunded Bonds fall into similar program areas as the 
2022 Bonds. Program areas include: Water Infrastructure, Water Quality, Water Supply, Technology, 
Habitat Conservation Plan, Environmental Stewardship, and Other Agency Projects. Projects in the CIPs 
included, but were not limited to, replacing system components; construction of a new Cedar River 
Ozonation Facility; new supervisory control and data acquisition system to monitor and control water 
supplies; and an agreement with the Bonneville Power Administration to construct an electric power 
transmission line through the Cedar River Watershed. Projects prioritized in CIPs also included seismic 
improvements; conservation projects to reduce per capita water use; and stream and forest restoration and 
fish passage improvements associated with the Cedar River Watershed Habitat Conservation Plan. 
Climate Risk and Transition Alignment
3 
Mitigation of transition risk requires planning for the necessary structural changes to address climate change 
and the transition to a low -carbon economy, with recognition of the risks associated with inaction. The  
Bonds are addressing climate transition risks by incorporating climate resilience into long-term planning and 
 
3 Climate change poses significant systemic risks to US financial systems and municipal issuers. These risks may broadly be divided into 
physical risk, transition risk and societal risk. Physical risk includes effects of climate change on physical assets, such as extreme 
weather events and sea level rise. Transition risk includes market and technology risks, reputational risks, policy risks and legal risks. 
Societal risk includes risk to stable democracies, risk to civil liberties and human rights, risk to labor supply, and risk to public health. 
Mitigation of transition risk requires planning for the necessary structural changes to address climate change and societal inequity with 
recognition of the risks associated with inaction. We refer to this as the just transition to a decarbonized economy, or the just transition. Kestrel Verifiers | Second Party Opinion  4 
decision-making. SPU is committed to understanding and adapting to anticipated changes through ongoing 
research, monitoring, and prioritization of capital improvement projects. 
The Bonds also finance activities which align with the just transition, characterized by the equitable inclusion 
and accommodation of all individuals, with a special focus on disadvantaged groups who may be directly or 
indirectly affected by the structural changes necessary for the transition to a low -carbon economy. T he 
Bonds support the just transition by financing activities and projects that ensure long-term, reliable access 
to drinking water for all residents. 
Process for Project Evaluation and Selection 
SPU has a transparent and consistent process for evaluating prioritie s for funding and ensuring that 
environmental considerations are incorporated into planning processes. Capital investments in the water 
system are identified in the multi-year Capital Improvement Plan (the “Water CIP”) and are shaped by the 
framework established in the Water System Plan . The Water System capital projects are included in the 
City-wide capital improvement program, and reviewed and adopted annually by the City’s Mayor and City 
Council. The Water System Plan  was last updated in 2019. It include s water demand forecasts, shortage 
contingency plans, treatment chemicals, design standards, water rates, and land use and zoning maps. 
The Water System Plan also addresses system resilience in response to climate change. 
The Water CIP is guided by the following thematic priorities: 
 Asset preservation 
 Health and human safety 
 Environmental sustainability 
 Race and social justice 
The Water CIP development process follows multiple steps. Initially, SPU identifies projects through 
planning, emergencies, or other activities. Projects are justified through an analysis that identifies need and 
a triple bottom line review that accounts for e conomic, environmental, and social factors. Projects are 
prioritized based on an established set of criteria approved by the SPU CEO/General Manager and Asset 
Management Committee.  
The City has multi -decadal watershed management plans that ensure responsi ble management of water 
sources and the surrounding ecosystems. Capital improvement projects financed and refunded by the Bonds 
align with or directly support these planning documents, including the most recent 2022-2027 Adopted CIP. 
The Cedar River Watershed Habitat Conservation Plan includes fish and wildlife management, forest road 
abandonment, restoration thinning and tree planting, and riparian, wetland, and stream habitat restoration. 
The South Fork Tolt Watershed M anagement Plan was developed in 2008 to guide similar activities in the 
South Fork Watershed. 
Management of Proceeds 
Proceeds of the Bonds will finance and re fund capital improvement projects that support the sustainable 
operation of the water system and to pay costs of issuance. Proceeds wi ll be deposited into a dedicated 
Construction Account, and proceeds for refunding will be allocated directly to  refunding the 2012 Bonds. 
Any proceeds that are not allocated immediately may temporarily be invested according to the City’s 
investment policy that prioritizes safety and liquidity.  
Reporting 
The City of Seattle will submit continuing disclosures to the Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board (“MSRB”) 
as long as the Bonds are outstanding . The City will also provide reports in the event of material 
developments. This reporting will be done annually on the Electronic Municipal Market Access ( “EMMA”) 
system operated by the MSRB. Additionally, Seattle Public Utilities produces annual water quality reports 
and Annual Report Cards which provide highlights of capital project delivery and updates on  compliance 
with drinking water standards. These are typically available at seattle.gov/utilities/about/reports.  Kestrel Verifiers | Second Party Opinion  5 
CONCLUSION 
Based on our independent external review, the Water System Improvement and Refunding Revenue Bonds, 
2022 (Green Bonds)  conform, in all material respects, with the Green Bond Principles  (2021) and are in 
complete alignment with the Sustainable Water Management eligible project category. The Bonds directly 
contribute to advancing Seattle Public Utility’s watershed stewardsh ip, conservation, and water quality 
improvement goals. 
 
 
© 2022 Kestrel 360, Inc.