PLAN OF REFUNDING–Series 2021 Bonds Designation as Green 
Bonds.” 
 
Uncertainties of Projections, Forecasts and Assumptions  
 
 Certain information contained in this Official Statement is ba sed upon assumptions and projections. 
Projections and assumptions are inherently subject to significa nt uncertainties. Inevitably, some 
assumptions will not be realized and unanticipated events and c ircumstances may occur and actual results 
are likely to differ, perhaps materially, from those projected.  Accordingly, such projections are not 
necessarily indicative of future performance. See “W
ATER ENTERPRISE FINANCES–Revenues, Expenses, 
and Debt Service Coverage–Historical and Projected Debt Service Coverage -Table 20B Pro Forma Cash 
Flow Projection and Estimated Debt Service Coverage.” 
 
Risk of Tax Audit 
 
 In December 1999, as a part of a larger reorganization of the Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”), 
the IRS commenced operation of its Tax Exempt and Government En tities Division (the “TE/GE 
Division”), as the successor to its Employee Plans and Exempt O rganizations division. The new TE/GE 
Division has a subdivision that is specifically devoted to tax- exempt bond compliance. Public statements 
by IRS officials indicate that the number of tax-exempt bond ex aminations (which would include the 
issuance of securities such as the Series 2021 Bonds) is expect ed to increase significantly under the new 
TE/GE Division. There is no assurance that if an IRS examination of the Series 2021 Bonds was undertaken 
that it would not adversely affect the market value of the Series 2021 Bonds. See “T
AX MATTERS.” 
 
Secondary Market 
 
 There can be no guarantee that there will be a secondary marke t for the Series 2021 Bonds or, if a 
secondary market exists, that the Series 2021 Bonds can be sold  for any particular price. Occasionally, 
because of general market conditions or because of adverse hist ory or economic prospects connected with 
a particular issue, secondary marketing practices are suspended or terminated. Additionally, prices of issues 
for which a market is being made will depend upon then prevaili ng circumstances. Such prices could be 
substantially different from the original purchase price.