use of proceeds  
 37 
from, the Series 1989 Bond, Series 2009 Bonds, or the SRF Bond or the pledge of the Net System Revenues to the 
payment of the Series 2022 Bonds or in favor of any Additional Bonds hereafter issued. 
FEDERAL BANKRUPTCY CODE 
 The remedies available to the Trustee or the registered owners of the Series 2022 Bonds upon an Event of 
Default under the Indenture are in many respects dependent upon judicial action which is often subject to discretion 
and delay.  Under existing constitutional and statutory law and judicial decisions, including specifically Title 11 of 
the United States Code (the federal bankruptcy code), the remedies provided in the Indenture may not be readily 
available or may be limited. 
 
 The rights and remedies of the registered owners of the Series 2022 Bonds are subject to the provisions of 
Chapter 9 of Title 11 of the United States Code (Bankruptcy).  Title 11 permits under certain specific circumstances 
(but only after authorization by the legislature or by a governmental officer or organization empowered by state law 
to give such authorization), a political subdivision of a state, such as the Authority, to file a petition for relief in the 
U.S. District Court (the “Court”) for the district in which the political subdivision is located if it is insolvent or unable 
to meet its debts as they mature and desires to effect a plan to adjust its debts.  Under the Bankruptcy Code, the filing 
of such a petition operates as an “automatic” stay of the commencement or the continuation of any judicial or other 
proceeding against the petitioner, its property or any officer or inhabitant of the petitioner.  Chapter 9 also permits a 
political subdivision that files such a petition to issue, with the approval of the Court, certificate of indebtedness having 
priority over pre-existing obligations. 
 
 Any political subdivision filing a petition for relief under Chapter 9 must in due course file a plan for the 
adjustment of its debts, and such plan may include provisions modifying or altering the rights of creditors generally, 
or any class of them, secured and unsecured.  Such plan, when confirmed by the Court, binds all creditors who had 
timely notice or actual knowledge of the petition or plan and discharges all claims against the petitioning political 
subdivision provided for in the plan.  No plan may, however, be confirmed by the Court unless certain conditions 
occur, which include either (1) that the plan has been accepted in writing by two-thirds (2/3) in the amount and more 
than fifty percent (50%) in number of the allowed claims of each class which is impaired by the plan, or (2) the Court 
finds that the plan does not discriminate unfairly, and is fair and equitable, with respect to each class of claims that is 
impaired under, and has not accepted, the plan. 
 
 Prospective purchasers of the Series 2022 Bonds should assume that existing Alabama statutes authorize the 
Authority to file a petition for relief under Chapter 9 of Title 11 of the United States Code. 
APPENDICES 
 The Appendices of this Official Statement contain information concerning the Authority and the Series 2022 
Bonds.  Each such Appendix is an integral part of this Official Statement and should be read in its entirety.  The 
Appendices include: 
 
APPENDIX A - Audited Financial Statement of Authority for the December 31, 2020 Fiscal Year 
APPENDIX B - Summary of the Indenture 
APPENDIX C - Proposed Opinion of Bond Counsel 
APPENDIX D - Certain Demographic Information Pertaining to Dallas County, Alabama 
APPENDIX E - Specimen Municipal Bond Insurance Policy 
 
 
 The Authority’s financial statements included in this Official Statement as APPENDIX A have been examined 
to the extent set forth in its report by Branum & Company, P.C., Certified Public Accountants, and are included in 
reliance upon the report of such accountants and upon their authority as experts in auditing and accounting.  Bond 
Counsel has not independently verified the numbers or calculations set forth in said financial statements and has relied 
upon the expertise of the Authority’s independent auditors to the extent any financial statements are included herein.  
 38 
RISK FACTORS 
 An investment in the Series 2022 Bonds involves certain risks which should be carefully considered by 
investors.  Prospective investors should carefully examine this Official Statement and their own financial condition in 
order to make a judgment as to their ability to bear the economic risk of such an investment and whether or not the 
Series 2022 Bonds are an appropriate investment for them.  Such risks include the following, among others: 
 
 1. The sufficiency of revenues to pay debt service on the Series 2022 Bonds may be affected by events 
and conditions relating generally to, among other things, population trends and economic developments in the service 
area of the System, litigation, the availability of water to the Authority, federal and state environmental regulations, 
the rate of return on investments in the Reserve Fund, the amount of moneys on deposit therein, and other 
circumstances, the exact nature and extent of which are not presently determinable. 
 
 2. The ability of the Authority to pay debt service on the Series 2022 Bonds and to comply with its 
rate covenant is based on certain projections and estimates of revenues to be derived from the System and estimates 
as to certain levels of operating expenses.  There is no assurance that such projections and estimates will be realized. 
 
 3. Recent studies conducted by various study teams, task forces and other state related agencies have 
indicated that the quantity of potable water in Alabama is less than has been available in earlier years and, in the future, 
restrictions on use of water, availability of water supplies and other such matters which could have an adverse impact 
on the revenues of the Authority and more restrictive rules as to usage may be imposed by state or federal regulatory 
agencies. 
 
 4. More stringent standards of water quality and testing to assure such standards are maintained than 
have heretofore been applicable may impose additional costs on the Authority in the treatment of water prior to its 
sale and increase the cost of water to the Authority.  This may reduce the amount of revenues of the Authority available 
for debt service to the extent it is not able to pass those increased costs on to its customers through increases in its 
rates. 
 
5.        The Authority faces risks of competition for customers from surrounding water systems. 
 
6. For more than a year, the world has recently experienced a wide-spread health pandemic or outbreak 
which could adversely impact the world economy and the economies of the United States, the State of Alabama, and 
the municipalities and service areas served by the Authority.  In December 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus 
(COVID-19) emerged in Wuhan, Hubei Province, China.  While initially the outbreak was largely concentrated in 
China and caused significant disruptions to its economy, it has since spread to many other countries and infections 
have been reported globally, including the United States and the State of Alabama.  The continued spread of the 
coronavirus in the United States and the State of Alabama could have a material adverse effect on the Authority’s 
operations and its financial condition, including a negative impact on the Authority’s ability to timely collect from 
water customers (on the basis that the Authority’s water customers may be temporarily unemployed or unable to 
generate revenue due to the State-imposed governmental shutdown).  The extent to which the coronavirus impacts the 
Authority’s operations and its financial condition will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and 
cannot be predicted with confidence, including the duration of the outbreak, new information which emerges 
concerning the severity of the disease and the actions to contain the coronavirus (including shutdown of business and 
social activities) or treat its impact, among others. 
 
7. Despite the implementation of network security measures by the Authority, its information 
technology systems may be vulnerable to breaches, hacker and ransomware attacks, computer viruses, physical or 
electronic break-ins and other similar events or issues.  State and local governments have recently been subject to such 
attacks.  The foregoing events or issues could lead to the disclosure of confidential information, ransomware attacks 
holding critical information and operations hostage or could have an adverse effect on the Authority’s ability to 
provide water service or to collect water revenues.  No assurances can be given that the Authority’s measures will 
prevent cybersecurity attacks, and no assurances can be given that any cybersecurity attacks, if successful, will not 
have a material adverse effect on the operations or financial condition of the Authority.   The Authority currently 
maintains no independent insurance from a third-party insurance carrier to mitigate risk associated with a cyber-
security attack.   
  
 39 
8. The Authority currently relies upon employees of the Third-Party Manager and currently has no 
employees of its own to carry on its operational and administrative duties.  In the event the governing body of the 
Authority ever terminates usage of a Third-Party Manager, or if the Third-Party Manager ever terminates providing 
services to the Authority, the Authority will have to hire its own employees to replace the workers currently provided 
by the Third-Party Manager.