use of proceeds.  BAM has been identified 
by the ICMA as an observer organization that is active in the field of green and/or social or sustainability finance and 
as a Climate Bond Initiative approved verifier.  The GreenStar Credit Profile prepared by BAM for the Bonds will 
identify which of the following GBP categories applies to the Bonds:  
• renewable energy 
• energy efficiency 
• pollution prevention and control  
• environmentally sustainable management of living natural resources and land use 
• terrestrial and aquatic biodiversity 
• clean transportation  
• climate change adaptation  
• sustainable water and wastewater management 
• green buildings 
 
Each of the GBPs correlates to one of the following UN Sustainable Development Goals which will also be 
included in the GreenStar Credit Profile for the Bonds:   
• clean water and sanitation 
• affordable and clean energy 
• sustainable cities and communities 
• industry innovation and infrastructure 
• responsible consumption and production 
• climate action 
• life below water 
• life on land 
 
The City makes no representation regarding the applicability of or suitability of the GreenStar designation. The 
term “GreenStar” is neither defined in, nor related to, the security documents relating to the Bonds. The GreenStar 
designation is solely for identification purposes and is not intended to provide or imply that the owners of the Bonds 
are entitled to any security  other than that described in this O fficial Statement.  The City  is under no contractual or 
other legal obligation to ensure compliance with any legal or other principles relating to “GreenStar” designation. The 
City has made no commitment to provide ongoi ng reporting or information regarding the designation or compliance 
with the GBPs.   
 
The BAM GreenStar designation is based upon an assessment by BAM at the time of the issuance of the Bonds 
and such designation by BAM reflects only the views of BAM. BAM does not charge a fee in connection with the 
designation, does not perform an audit and undertakes no duty of due diligence or independent verification of any 
information it receives. The designation is provided on an “AS IS” basis and is based on BAM’s ow n investigation, 
studies, assumptions, and criteria using its reasonable best efforts. In issuing its GreenStar designation, BAM has 
assumed and relied upon the accuracy and completeness of the information made publicly available by the City or that 
was otherwise made available to BAM.  BAM makes no representation or warranty, express or implied, including, 
but not limited to, the accuracy, results, timeliness, completeness, merchantability or fitness for any particular purpose 
with respect to the designation.   A complete description of BAM GreenStar, and its limitations and terms of use are 
available on BAM’s website https://buildamerica.com/greenstar and https://buildamerica.com/terms -of-use and 
incorporated herein by reference.  The BAM GreenStar designation is determined solely by BAM; it has not been 
reviewed or approved by the issuer of or the underwriter for the Bonds, and the issuer and underwriter assume no 
responsibility for such designation. 
 
BAM’s GreenStar designation does not and is not intended to make any representation or give any assurance with 
respect to any other matter relating to the Bonds and is not a recommendation to any person to purchase, hold, or sell 
the Bonds. Such labeling does not address the market price, marketability or suitability of these Bonds for a particular 13 
investor.   There is no assurance that the designation will be retained for any given period of time or that the designation 
will not be revised, suspended, or withdrawn by BAM if, in its judgment, circumstances so w arrant.  
 
Additional Information Available from BAM 
 
Credit Insights Videos.  For certain BAM-insured issues, BAM produces and posts a brief Credit Insights video 
that provides a discussion of the obligor and some of the key factors BAM’s analysts and credit committee considered 
when approving the credit for insurance.  The Credit Insights videos are easily accessible on BAM's website at 
http://www.buildamerica.com/videos.  (The preceding website address is provided for convenience of reference only.  
Information available at such address is not incorporated herein by reference.) 
 
Credit Profiles.  Prior to the pricing of bonds that BAM has been selected to insure, BAM may prepare a pre-sale 
Credit Profile for those bonds. These pre -sale Credit Profiles provide information about the sector designation (e.g. 
general obligation, sales tax); a preliminary summary of financial information and key ratios; and demographic and 
economic data relevant to the obligor, if available. Subsequent to closing, for any offering that includes bonds insured 
by BAM, any pre-sale Credit Profile will be updated and superseded by a final Credit Profile to include information 
about the gross par insured by CUSIP, maturity and coupon.  BAM pre -sale and final Credit Profiles are easily 
accessible on BAM's website at www.buildamerica.com/credit -profiles.  BAM will produce a Credit Profile for all 
bonds insured by BAM, whether or not a pre -sale Credit Profile has been prepared for such bonds.  (The preceding 
website address is provided for  convenience of reference only.  Information available at such address is not 
incorporated herein by reference.) 
 
Disclaimers. The Credit Profiles and the Credit Insights videos and the information contained therein are not 
recommendations to purchase, hol d or sell securities or to make any investment decisions.  Credit- related and other 
analyses and statements in the Credit Profiles and the Credit Insights videos are statements of opinion as of the date 
expressed, and BAM assumes no responsibility to update the content of such material.  The Credit Profiles and Credit 
Insight videos are prepared by BAM; they have not been reviewed or approved by the issuer of or the underwriter for 
the Bonds, and the issuer and underwriter assume no responsibility for their  content. 
 
BAM receives compensation (an insurance premium) for the insurance that it is providing with respect to the 
Bonds. Neither BAM nor any affiliate of BAM has purchased, or committed to purchase, any of the Bonds, whether 
at the initial offering or otherwise. 
 
DEFEASANCE 
 
Any Bond or Bonds (a) which are paid and canceled, (b) which have matured and for which sufficient sums have 
been deposited with the Registrar to pay all principal and interest due thereon, or (c)  for which sufficient funds and 
Defeasance Obligations have been deposited with the Registrar or similar institution to pay, taking into account 
investment earnings on such obligations, all principal of and interest on such Bond or Bonds when due at maturity or 
as called for redemption, pursuant to an irrevocable escrow or trust agreement, will cease to have any lien on or right 
to receive or be paid from the Pledged Taxes and will no longer have the benefits of any covenant for the registered 
owners of outstanding Bonds as set forth in the Bond Ordinance as such relates to lien and security of the outstanding 
Bonds.  All covenants relative to payment, registration, transfer, and exchange are expressly continued for all Bonds 
whether outstanding Bonds or not.  “Defeasance Obligations” means (a)  direct and general full faith and credit 
obligations of the United States Treasury (“Directs”), (b)  certificates of participation or trust receipts in trusts 
comprised wholly of Directs or (c) other obligations unconditionally guaranteed as to timely payment by the United 
States Treasury.