Use of Proceeds 
The proceeds of the Series 2022GI Bonds will be used to pay or reimburse 
the Department for a portion of the costs of sustainable infrastructure and 
terminal modernizations at the Los Angeles International Airport  
(collectively, the “Projects”). All bond-financed building modernizations are 
expected to achieve at least LEED Silver certification and align with 
sustainability goals of the Department and the City of Los Angeles. The 
Automated People Mover (“APM”) project will alleviate traffic congestion, 
increase access to public transit, and reduce  associated greenhouse gas 
emissions. The Series 2022GI Bonds align with the Green Buildings and 
Clean Transportation eligible categories under the Green Bond Principles. 
North Terminal Improvement Pro ject: Proceeds from  the Series  2022 G Bonds  will partially finance 
replacement of Terminal 3 in partnership with Delta Air Lines. Construction of Terminal 3 will achieve LEED 
Silver certification at a minimum, and will include energy saving technologies in escalators, high efficiency 
LED lighting and sensors to reduce energy use for lighting. Low-flow water fixtures will reduce water use by 
45% relative to the baseline as per LEED criteria, and 75% of construction and demolition waste  will be 
diverted from landfills. Terminal 3 is expected to achieve at least a 26% improvement in energy efficiency 
due to a high -performance building envelope. 7 The overall project includes construction of a walkway 
between Terminal 3 and the Tom Bradley International Terminal, areas to access the Automated People 
Mover, addition of new gates, expansion of passenger seating areas, upgrades to restrooms, and space for 
concessions. Construction is expected to be completed in Q3 2023. 
Terminal 4 Modernization Program: Proceeds from the Series 2022G Bonds will also finance improvements 
to Terminal 4, where American Airlines currently operates. The project is designed to achieve a LEED Silver 
certification and includes consolidation of 30 gates to i mprove passenger movement; a new connection 
between Terminals 4 and 5 ; and offices for airlines, the Transportation Security Administration, and law 
enforcement agencies. The project also includes central areas for  ticketing, security and baggage claim , 
and a connection to the Automated People Mover. Approximately 75% of construction and demolition waste 
will be diverted from landfills. The project is anticipated to reduce indoor water use by approximately 20% 
relative to the baseline LEED criteria . The Department will purchase renewable energy credits for at least 
20% of energy used in the building. Terminal 4 improvements are expected to be completed by 2026. 
Terminal 5 and Tom Bradley International Terminal Vertical Core projects: The additions and modernizations 
designed to connect the terminals with the Automated People Mover will achieve LEED Silver certification 
at a minimum. In order to achieve green building certifications, the projects include energy efficient designs, 
sustainable building materials, building level energy metering and low-flow water fixtures.  
Impact of Financed Activities 
The Projects are aligned with the Department’s goal to achieve carbon neutrality by 2045 and will meet the 
Department’s Sustainable Design and Construction Requirements. The modernizations support the transition 
to carbon neutrality in the building sector by incorporating water fixtures to reduce water use, locally sourced 
building materials, responsible waste management, and  energy-efficient design features. Env ironmental 
benefits include reduced greenhouse gas emissions in line with targets, diverting waste from landfills, and 
water conservation.  
Direct emissions from fossil fuel combustion associated with heating, cooling and operating residential and 
commercial buildings account for approximately 29% of total US greenhouse gas emissions, and 
 
6 Green Bonds are any type of bond instrument where the proceeds will be exclusively applied to finance or refinance eligible Green 
Projects which are aligned with the four core components of ICMA’s Green Bond Principles. 
7 Compared to ASHRAE 90.1-2007; Factors such as insulation, Solar Heat Gain Coefficients, and roof design to minimize the heat island 
effect contribute to the energy use reduction. 
Green Standard 
 
 
Eligible Project Categories: 
 Green Buildings 
 Clean Transportation 
I-5 
Kestrel Verifiers | Second Party Opinion  4 
approximately 25% of statewide greenhouse gas emissions in California.8 The building modernizations align 
with statewide targets to reduce building-related emissions by at least 40% below 1990 levels by 2030.9 
While aviation is a significant source of global greenhouse gas emissions, Kestrel views constructi on of 
airport facilities that meet green building standards as eligible for financing with Green Bond proceeds. In 
Kestrel’s opinion, the mechanisms for reducing the carbon footprint of airline travel may be viewed distinctly 
from the emissions associated with constructing and operating the supporting facilities. 
Automated People Mover (“APM”): Proceeds from the Series 2022I Bonds will finance a portion of a grade-
separated and fully electrified train  system which connect s the regional public transit system , the 
consolidated rental car facility (ConRAC)  and the Central Terminal Area . The Project is one of five major 
projects in the Department’s Landside Access Modernization Program, and is designed to resolve significant 
congestion and unpredictable travel times caused by the lack of direct connection with larger public 
transportation networks. 
The scope of the APM project includes the rail line, six stations, train cars, and a train maintenance facility 
which is expected to achieve LEED  Gold certification. Proceeds of the Series 2022I  Bonds will finance the 
final milestone payment for the project. The 2.25-mile elevated guideway was completed in April 2022 and 
the entire system is expected to be completed by Q1 2024. The APM, which will eliminate roughly 3,200 
daily shuttle trips  and improve access to the regional public transit  system, will reduce transportation-
related emissions by alleviating traffic congestion and making it easier for employees and travelers alike to 
use public transportation. The APM aligns with the Clean Transportation project category of the Green Bond 
Principles. 
The Department is expected to pursue Envision certification for the Automated People Mover Project . 
Envision is a holistic sustainability framework and rating system for physical infrastructure developed by 
the Harvard University Graduate School of Design and the Institute for Sustainable Infrastructure. The 
Institute was founded by the  American Public Works Association, the American Council of Engineering 
Companies, and the American Society of Civil Engineers.10 The Envision framework is widely accepted and 
promoted by the American Society of Civil Engineers as a best practice for sustainable design. Just as LEED 
is a recognizable standar d for green building design, Envision is a recognizable standard for sustainable 
infrastructure of all types. The Envision framework includes 64 sustainability and resilience indicators 
(credits) organized around five categories: Quality of Life, Leadership, Resource Allocation, Natural World, 
and Climate and Resilience . The framework seeks to collectively address components of community 
development, human health and well- being, mobility and emissions, wildlife conservation, life cycles of 
materials, and mo re. The APM project is anticipated to pursue, at a minimum, the Envision Verification 
level and may achieve Envision Platinum, the highest potential level of achievement. 
Table 1. Anticipated allocation of Series 2022GI Bond proceeds 
Project Name Eligible Project Category  Anticipated Use 
of Proceeds  
North Terminal Improvement Project Green Buildings $387.4 million 
Terminal 4 Modernization Program Green Buildings $180.6 million 
Tom Bradley International Terminal Core Green Buildings $30.4 million 
Terminal 5 Core Green Buildings $23.7 million 
Automated People Mover Clean Transportation $168.3 million 
 
8 “Building Decarbonization ,” California Air Resources Board, accessed July 14, 2022, https://ww2.arb.ca.gov/our-
work/programs/building-decarbonization. 
9 California Assembly Bill 3232 “Zero-emissions buildings and sources of heat energy ,” approved and enacted into the California State 
Code (Chapter 373, Statutes of 2018).   
10 The Institute for Sustainable Infrastructure is a nonprofit education and research organization. 
I-6 
Kestrel Verifiers | Second Party Opinion  5 
Climate Risk and Transition Alignment11 
Mitigation of transition risk requires planning for the necessary structural changes to address climate change 
and the transition to a low -carbon economy, with recognition of the risks associated with inaction.  The 
Projects address climate transition risks by incorporating energy efficiency and green building features to 
directly reduce greenhouse gas emissions and advance decarbonization goals. The reduced congestion and 
improved access to public transit as a result of the Automated People Mover  mitigates climate transition 
risks in the transportation sector as well as regional systemic risks associated with unabated greenhouse 
gas emissions from vehicles. 
The Series 2022GI Bonds also finance activities which align with the  just transition, characterized by the 
equitable inclusion and accommodation of all individuals, with a special focus on disadvantaged groups who 
may be directly or indirectly affected by the structural changes necessary for the transition to a low-carbon 
economy. The Los Angeles International Airport is located west of communities considered to be especially 
vulnerable to pollution based on environmental, health and socioeconomic data.
12 By reducing transportation 
emissions at the Airport  through the APM project, the Department is reducing negative health impacts 
associated with air pollution on vulnerable communities in the area. These are primarily Latinx 
neighborhoods in Southeast Los Angeles. Compared to predominantly white neighborhoods, communities 
of color in the US have historically faced higher levels of overall pollution and experienced poorer health 
outcomes as a consequence. 13 While the  APM project does not directly confront environmental justice 
concerns, reduced  greenhouse gas  emissions in the area will effectively improve air quality for the 
surrounding vulnerable communities, thus facilitating the just transition. 
Process for Project Evaluation and Selection 
The Department’s clear commitment to reducing environmental impacts led to  incorporation of green 
building designs. An identified need to reduce congestion and improve transit connectivity  led the 
Department to prioritize the Automated People Mover project. The ambitious sustainability targets for these 
projects are mainly driven by the City of Los Angeles’ climate action goals and the Department’s strong 
commitment to sustainability in operations and capital projects.  
Further, the Design Guidelines for Los Angeles International Airport require life cycle assessments for 
buildings to minimize environmental impact, as well as steps to improve energy efficiency, increase use of 
renewables, conserve water, increase use of recycled materials, and improve health and comfort for building 
occupants. 
The Projects are impactful and directly advance targets to reach carbon neutrality by 2045, adopted in the 
Department’s 2019 Sustainability Action Plan and the City of Los Angeles Sustainable City pLAn (2019).  
Management of Proceeds 
Proceeds from the Series 2022GI Bond s will be managed from distinct accounts and used to fund the 
Projects, make deposits to certain funds and accounts, and to pay costs of issuance. The Series 2022G 
Bonds wil