plan of financing described herein. 
 
There is no litigation or other legal proceeding pending or, to the knowledge of the  District, 
threatened which challenges the authority of the District to operate the System or to collect revenues 
therefrom or which contests the creation, organization or existence of the District or the title of any of its 
Board members or executive staff to their respective offices. 
 
After several months of negotiation, the District, Commonwealth of Kentucky and United States of 
America reached an agreement on important modifications to the 2009 Amended Consent Decree entered by 
the United States Distric t Court for the Western District of Kentucky, Louisville Division (the Court), in  
Civil Action No. 3:08-CV-00608-CRS. The parties have agreed to enter into a Second Amended Consent 
Decree which will supersede and replace the 2009 Amended Consent Decree and update the 2012 Integrated 
Overflow Abatement Plan (IOAP) Modification approved on June 19, 2014 with the 2021 IOAP 
Modification. 
 
The original IOAP, which included a Final Sanitary Sewer Discharge Plan (SSDP) and CSO Long 
Term Control Plan (LTC P), was certified on December 19, 2008, and incorporated by reference into the 
2009 Amended Consent Decree by an Order signed on February 12, 2010 and entered into the public record 
February 15, 2010. The IOAP was amended in 2012 and 2014 to improve compliance and adjust capital 
project schedules. 
 
Since entry of the 2009 Amended Consent Decree, the District has spent approximately $1 billion 
developing and completing many of the IOAP projects, and completing other projects and compliance 
measures mandated by the Consent Decree. The District has completed the majority of the CSO LTCP 
projects and SSDP projects, as well as the development of Comprehensive Program Evaluations, Composite 
Correction Plans, Sewer Overflow Response Protocol, Interim Sanitary Sewer Discharge Plan, and Sanitary 
Capacity Assessment Plan. 
 
The Second Amended Consent Decree, which was entered on September 15, 2022, was negotiated 
to  effectuate  additional  remedial  measures  for  CSO  and   SSO   control   and   regulatory   compliance. 
Specifically, the Second Amended Consent Decree was negotiated to integrate the 43 
 
 
development of an asset management plan that provides for a long-term maintenance and funding strategy 
for rehabilitation and renewal of the District’s aging biosolids systems and failing critical interceptors and 
flood protection system. To facilitate the District’s ability to reprioritize projects and capital spending, the 
Commonwealth of Kentucky and United States of America have agreed to extend the time for completion 
of remaining LTCP and SSDP projects to 2035. In exchange for the time extension, the District has agreed 
to invest a minimum of $25 million on average each fiscal year in asset management projects for a total of 
$375 million by June 30, 2035. The District has also agreed to incorporate $70 million in its 5-year CIP for 
critical sewer rehabilitation. The Second Amended Consent Decree sets forth stipulated penalties to be 
assessed should the District fail to comply. 
 
The District is a defendant from time to time in various lawsuits. Although the outcome of these 
lawsuits is not presently determinable, it is the opinion of the District that resolution of these matters will 
not result in a material adverse effect on the operations, properties or financial condition of the District. 
 
Except as disclosed above, there is no litigation or other legal proceeding pending or, to the 
knowledge of the District, threatened against or affecting the District  or its Board wherein an unfavorable 
decision, ruling or finding might have a materially adverse effect on the operations, properties or financial 
condition of the District.