USE OF PROCEEDS VERIFICATION  
(CLIMATE BONDS STANDARD V4.0)  
 
REQUIREMENT ASSURANCE PROCEDURES PERFORMED BY KESTREL 
2.1. Utilization of Proceeds 
2.1.1. Project Documentation Review documentation of the Nominated Projects assessed as likely to be Eligible 
Projects, and list of Nominated Projects that Issuer will keep up -to-date during the 
term of the bond. 
2.1.2. Valuation Review net proceeds of the bond to ensure they are not greater than the value of the 
project.  
2.1.3. Multiple Nominations for 
Certified Debt Instruments 
Review Nominated Projects or distinct portions of the Nominated Projects for 
previous nominations to other Certified Climate Debt Instruments, green bonds, or 
other designated instruments.  Review and confirm whether Nominated Projects 
have been refinanced by other Certified Debt Instruments or bonds under 
assessment will refinance existing Certified Debt Instruments. 
2.2. Process for Evaluation and Selection of Projects and Assets 
2.2.1. Process Review documentation of the process the Issuer followed to identify projects and 
confirm eligibility requirements for inclusion of Nominated Projects in the b ond. 
Review planning documents which establish goals, priorities and potential impact. 
2.2.2. Environmental Statement, 
Eligibility & Technical 
Criteria (i.-vi.) 
Review additional documentation Issuer provided on further aspects of identification 
process including strategic directions and standards. Review the Issuer’s 
environmental and social integrity policy,  exclusion criteria,  and/or Green Bond 
Framework, and confirm its coverage of the Nominated Projects. Review statement 
of the climate-related objectives of the bond. Test Nominated Projects to determine 
whether they meet the minimum technical requirements of the Climate Bonds 
Standard and relevant Sector Criteria. 
2.3. Management of Proceeds 
2.3.1. Documentation of 
Processes & Procedures 
Confirm that policies, processes and procedures for tracking financial flows of bond 
proceeds to the Nominated Projects are in place. 
a. Tracking of Proceeds Review allocation of funds to ensure they can be tracked against Nominated 
Projects. 
b. Managing of Unallocated 
Proceeds 
Review documentation for the management of bond proceeds for funds prior to 
allocation to a Nominated Project and review eligible temporary investments for 
unallocated proceeds. 
c. Earmarking Funds Confirm policies, processes and procedures to identify flows of proceeds related to 
the Bond have been established. 
2.3.2. Ring-Fenced Funds Where proceeds will be ring -fenced, confirm processes and procedures to allocate 
funds to accounts, and track and monitor payments from the relevant accounts. 
2.4. Pre-Issuance Reporting: Green Finance Framework and Disclosure Documentation 
2.4.1 Bond Disclosure 
Documentation 
Review Issuer’s Green Bond Framework and confirm plans to make the document 
publicly available and provide it to the Climate Bonds Standard Secretariat. Confirm 
inclusion of necessary information within the Green Bond Framework.  
2.4.2. 
     i. 
Confirmation of Alignment  In the Green Bond Framework, confirm documentation and review areas of 
investment align with the Climate Bonds Standard and review statements of 
alignment with other relevant standards.  
ii. Uses of Proceeds  In the Green Bond Framework, confirm documentation and review expected uses of 
proceeds and amounts allocated to activities in relevant sectors and subsectors. 
  
 
Kestrel | Climate Bonds Verifier’s Report  35