Use of Proceeds 
Proceeds of the Series 2024A Bonds will be used to fund capital  projects for governmental use of 
the City or the City’s public school system and reimburse expenditures previously made for such purposes 
as generally described herein.  Proceeds of the Series 2024B Bo nds will be used to fund portions of the 
City’s flood mitigation program.  Proceeds of the Series 2024C Bonds will be used to refund for debt service 
savings certain previously issued bonds as more particularly de scribed on Appendix E. Proceeds of the 
Bonds may also be used to pay a portion of the costs of issuanc e of the respective series of Bonds.  See 
“Authorization and Purpose of the Bonds”  in Section Two for a more complete description of the 
authorization and purpose of the Bonds. 
Redemption 
The Series 2024A Bonds and the Series 2024B Bonds maturing on a nd after February 1, 2035 are 
subject to redemption at the option of the City, in whole or in  part, on any date on and after February 1, 
2034 at the redemption price of 100% of the principal amount of  the Bonds to be redeemed, plus interest 
accrued to the redemption date.  The Series 2024C Bonds are not subject to redemption prior to maturity. 
See “Redemption” in Section Two for a more complete description of the redempt ion provisions 
of the Bonds. 
Tax Exemption 
Under current law, interest on the Bonds will be exempt or excludable from income taxation by the 
Commonwealth of Virginia and the United States of America.  See “Tax Exemption” in Section Two for 
a more complete description of the significant elements of the federal and state income tax status of interest 
on the Bonds. 
Bond Counsel 
Kutak Rock LLP, Richmond, Virginia, serves as Bond Counsel to t he City in connection with the 
issuance of the Bonds.  The opinion of Bond Counsel will be dated and given on, and will speak only as of, 
the date of issuance and delivery of the Bonds.  The proposed form of Bond Counsel’s opinion is attached 
as Appendix B. 
The scope of engagement of Bond Counsel does not extend to pass ing upon or assuming 
responsibility for the accuracy or adequacy of any statements m ade in this Official Statement other than 
matters expressly set forth in the opinion of Bond Counsel.  Bo nd Counsel makes no representation that it 
has independently verified the same.  
3 
Financial Advisor 
Davenport & Company LLC ("Davenpor t") is employed as a financia l advisor to the City in 
connection with the issuance of the Bonds.  The financial advis or's fee for services rendered with respect 
to the sale of the Bonds is contingent upon the issuance and de livery of the Bonds.  Davenport, in its 
capacity as financial advisor, does not assume any responsibili ty for the information, covenants and 
representations contained in any of the legal documents provided, agreed to or made by others with respect 
to the federal income tax status of the Bonds, or the possible impact of any present, pending or future actions 
taken by any legislative or judicial bodies. 
Davenport, as the financial advisor to the City, has provided t he following sentence for inclusion 
in this Official Statement.  Although Davenport has assisted in  the preparation of this Official Statement, 
Davenport is not obligated to undertake, and has not undertaken to make, an independent verification or to 
assume responsibility for the accuracy, completeness or fairness of the information contained in this Official 
Statement. 
Auditors 
The City’s financial statements for the Fiscal Year ended June 30, 2023 are attached as 
Appendix A to this Official Statement and have been audited by the indepe ndent public accounting firm 
of Cherry Bekaert LLP.  These financial statements, together with the related Notes to Financial Statements, 
are intended to provide a broad overview of the financial posit ion and operating results of the City’s 
governmental activities, business-type activities and major fun ds.  Such financial statements have been 
included in reliance upon the report of Cherry Bekaert LLP, who  will not be reviewing any matters in this 
Official Statement or otherwise in connection with the issuance of the Bonds. 
Ratings 
The City has applied and receive d ratings from Fitch Ratings, 3 00 West 57th Street, New York, 
New York 10019, Moody’s Investors Service, 7 World Trade Center , 250 Greenwich Street, New York, 
New York 10007, and S&P Global Ratings, a division of McGraw-Hi ll Financial, Inc., 55 Water Street, 
New York, New York 10041, as shown on the front cover.  See “Ratings” in Section Two for a more 
complete description of the ratings. 
Investment Policies and Practices 
The City, as a political subdivision of the Commonwealth, is li mited to investments permitted by 
Section 2.2-4500 et seq. of the Code of Virginia of 1950, as amended.  In addition, various bond resolutions 
further restrict the types of allowable investments.  The City’s investment practices are generally described 
in footnote 8 of the City’s financial statements, attached as Appendix A.  More detail on the City’s 
investment practices is provided in Section Five. 
Official Statement 
This Official Statement has been approved and authorized by the  City for use in connection with 
the sale of the Bonds.  Its purpose is to supply information to  prospective buyers of the Bonds.  Financial 
and other information contained in this Official Statement has been prepared by the City from its records, 
except where other sources are noted.  The information is not i ntended to indicate future or continuing 
trends in the financial or economic position of the City.  
4 
Continuing Disclosure 
The City has agreed to execute a Continuing Disclosure Agreemen t at closing to assist the 
successful bidder in complying with the provisions of Rule 15c2-12 (the “Rule 15c2-12”), promulgated by 
the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) and as in ef fect on the date hereof, by providing 
annual financial information a nd event notices required by Rule  15c2-12.  The City has established 
procedures to monitor compliance with its continuing disclosure  undertaking.  See “Continuing 
Disclosure” in Section Two and see the proposed form of the Continuing Dis closure Agreement attached 
as Appendix C. 
Post-Issuance Compliance 
In compliance with Internal Re venue Service recommended practic es, the City has established 
procedures to monitor compliance after the issuance of the Bond s and other tax-advantaged obligations 
with Federal tax law requirements related to the qualified use of bond proceeds and property financed with 
such proceeds and requirements related to arbitrage yield restr iction and rebate.  See “Post-Issuance 
Compliance” in Section Two. 
Verification of Mathematical Computations 
The arithmetical accuracy of certain computations made in connection with the general obligation 
bonds to be refunded shown on Appendix E (the “Refunded Bonds”) and included in supporting schedules 
will be verified by Bingham Arbitrage Rebate Service (the “Veri fication Agent”) relating to 
(i) computations of forecasted receipts of principal and intere st on the investments in the Government 
Obligations (herein defined) and/or cash deposited in the escrow fund established for the Refunded Bonds 
and the scheduled payments of principal, interest and premium r equired to redeem the Refunded Bonds, 
and (ii) computation of the yield on the Bonds and the related Government Obligations.  Such computations 
will be based solely on assumptions and information supplied by the City’s financial advisor, Davenport & 
Company LLC.  The Verification Agent will restrict its procedur es to verifying the arithmetical accuracy 
of certain computations and will not make any study or evaluati on of the assumptions and information on 
which the computations are based and, accordingly, will not exp ress an opinion on the data used, the 
reasonableness of the assumptions or the achievability of the forecasted outcome. 
Additional Information 
Any questions concerning the contents of this Official Statemen t should be directed to the 
following:  Department of Finance, Municipal Center, Virginia Beach, Virginia, 23456 (757) 385-4681; or 
the City’s financial advisor, Davenport & Company LLC (804) 780-2000. 
[Remainder of page intentionally left blank]  
5 
SECTION TWO:  THE BONDS 
General Description of the Bonds 
The Bonds will be dated the date of their issuance and delivery.  The Bonds will mature on February 
1 in the years and in the amounts shown on the inside cover of this Official Statement.  Interest on the 
Bonds will be payable on each August 1 and February 1, commencing February 1, 2025, until the earlier of 
maturity or redemption (for Bonds subject to redemption), at the rates per year set forth on the inside cover.     
The Bonds will be registered as to principal and interest in th e name of Cede & Co., as nominee 
for DTC, or otherwise as hereinafter described.  Beneficial own ership interests in the Bonds will be 
available only in book-entry form .  Beneficial Owners (as herei nafter defined) will not receive physical 
bond certificates representing their interests in the Bonds purchased.  So long as DTC or its nominee is the 
registered owner of the Bonds, references in this Official Statement to the owners of the Bonds shall mean 
DTC or its nominee and shall not mean the Beneficial Owners.  T he Resolution contains provisions 
applicable to periods when DTC or its nominee is not the registered owner. 
As long as the Bonds are held by DTC or its nominee, interest w ill be paid to Cede & Co., as 
nominee of DTC, in same day funds on each interest payment date.  Interest on the Bonds will be payable 
by check or draft mailed to the registered owners at their addresses as they appear on the registration books 
on the January 15 and July 15 immediately preceding each intere st payment date.  If any such interest 
payment date is not a business day, such payment will be made o n the next succeeding business day with 
the same effect as if made on the interest payment date, and no  additional interest will accrue.  The 
registration books are kept by the City Treasurer, who has been  appointed paying agent and registrar (the 
“Registrar”).  Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months. 
Redemption 
Optional Redemption.  The Series 2024A Bonds and the Series 2024B Bonds maturing on o r 
before February 1, 2034 are not subject to redemption prior to maturity.  The Series 2024A Bonds and the 
Series 2024B Bonds maturing on or after February 1, 2035 are su bject to redemption beginning February 
1, 2034, in whole or in part (in any multiple of $5,000) at any time, at the option of the City, upon payment 
of 100% of the principal amount of the Bonds to be redeemed plu s interest accrued and unpaid to the date 
fixed for redemption.  The Series 2024C Bonds are not subject to redemption prior to maturity. 
Selection of Bonds for Redemption.  If less than all of the Bonds are called for optional 
redemption, the maturities of the Bonds to be redeemed shall be selected by the City’s Director of Finance 
in such manner as may be determined to be in the best interest of the City.  If less than all of the Bonds of 
a particular maturity are called for redemption, DTC or any suc cessor securities depository will select the 
Bonds to be redeemed pursuant to its rules and procedures or, if the book-entry system is discontinued, the 
Bonds to be redeemed will be sel ected by the Registrar by lot i n such manner as the Registrar in its 
discretion may determine.  In either case, each portion of the $5,000 principal amount is counted as one 
Bond for such purpose.  If a portion of a Bond is called for re demption, a new Bond in principal amount 
equal to the unredeemed portion shall be issued to the registered owner upon the surrender thereof. 
Notice of Redemption.  The City will caus