use of proceeds.  The Insurer has been identified by the ICMA  as an observer organization that is active in the  
13 
 
field of green and/or social or sustainability finance and is a Climate  Bond Initiative approved verifier.  The 
Credit Profile prepared by the Insurer  for the  Bonds will identify which of the  following GBP categories 
applies to the Bonds: 
• renewable energy 
• energy efficiency 
• pollution prevention and control 
• environmentally sustainable management of living natural resources and land use 
• terrestrial and aquatic biodiversity 
• clean transportation 
• climate change adaptation 
• sustainable water and wastewater management 
• green buildings. 
 
Each of the GBPs correlates to one of the following UN Sustainable Development Goals which will 
also be included in the Credit Profile for the Bonds: 
• clean water and sanitation 
• affordable and clean energy 
• sustainable cities and communities 
• industry innovation and infrastructure 
• responsible consumption and production 
• climate action 
• life below water 
• life on land 
 
The Authority, the City, and the Underwriter make no representation regarding the applicability of or 
suitability of the GreenStar designation. The term “GreenStar” is neither defined in, nor related to, the security 
documents relating to the Bonds. The GreenStar designation is solely for identification purposes and is not 
intended to provide or imply that the owners of the Bonds are entitled to any security other than that described 
in this official statement. The Authority and the City are under no contractual or other legal obligation to 
ensure compliance with any legal or other principles relating to “GreenStar” designation. The Authority and 
the City have made no commitment to provide ongoing reporting or information regarding the designation or 
compliance with the GBPs. 
The BAM GreenStar designation is based upon an assessment by the Insurer at the time of the 
issuance of the Bonds and such designation by the Insurer reflects only the views of the Insurer. The Insurer 
does not charge a fee in connection with the designation, does not perform an audit and undertakes no duty of 
due diligence or independent verification of any information it receives. The designation is provided on an “AS 
IS” basis and is based on the Insurer’s own investigation, studies, assumptions, and criteria using its reasonable 
best efforts. In issuing its GreenStar designation, the Insurer has assumed and relied upon the accuracy and 
completeness of the information made publicly available by the Issuer or that was otherwise made available to 
the Insurer. The Insurer makes no representation or warranty, express or implied, including, but not limited to, 
the accuracy, results, timeliness, completeness, merchantability or fitness for any particular purpose with 
respect to the designation. A complete description of BAM GreenStar, and its limitations and terms of use, are 
available on the Insurer’s website https://buildamerica.com/greenstar and https://buildamerica.com/terms -of-
use and incorporated herein by reference. The BAM GreenStar designation is determined solely by the Insurer; 
it has not been reviewed or approved by the issuer of or the underwriter for the Bonds, and the issuer and 
underwriter assume no responsibility for such designation.  
The Insurer’s GreenStar designation does not and is not intended to make any representation or give 
any assurance with respect to any other matter relating to the Bonds and is not a recommendation to any person 
to purchase, hold, or sell the Bonds. Such labeling does not address the market price, marketability or  
14 
 
suitability of these Bonds for a particular investor. There is no assurance that the designation will be retained 
for any given period of time or that the designation will not be revised, suspended, or withdrawn by the Insurer 
if, in its judgment, circumstances so warrant. 
Additional Information Available from the Insurer. 
Credit Insights Videos. For certain Insurer- insured issues, the Insurer  produces and posts a brief 
Credit Insights video that provides a discussion of the obligor and some of the key factors the Insurer ’s 
analysts and credit committee considered when  approving the credit for insurance.  The Credit Insights videos 
are easily accessible on the Insurer 's website at www.buildamerica.com/videos.  (The preceding website 
address is provided for convenience of reference only.  Information available at such address is not 
incorporated herein by reference.) 
Credit Profiles.  Prior to the pricing of bonds that the Insurer  h
 as been selected to insure, the Insurer 
may prepare a pre-sale Credit Profile for those bonds. These pre-sale Credit Profiles provide information about 
the sector designation (e.g. general obligation, sales tax); a preliminary summary of financial information and 
key ratios; and demographic and economic data relevant to the obligor, if available. Subsequent to closing, for 
any offering that includes bonds insured by the Insurer , any pre -sale Credit Profile will be updated 
and superseded by a final Credit Profile to include information about the gross par insured by CUSIP, maturity 
and coupon.  The Insurer  pre-sale and final Credit Profiles are easily accessible on the Insurer 's website at 
www.buildamerica.com/credit-profiles.  The Insurer will produce a Credit Profile for all bonds insured by the 
Insurer, whether or not a pre -sale Credit Profile has been prepared for such bonds.  (The preceding website 
address is provided for convenience of reference only.  Information available at such address is not 
incorporated herein by reference.) 
Disclaimers.  The Credit Profiles and the Credit Insights videos and the information contained 
therein are not recommendations to purchase, hold or sell securities or to make any investment 
decisions.  Credit-related and other  analyses and statements in the Credit Profiles and the Credit 
Insights videos are statements of opinion as of the date expressed, and the Insurer assumes no responsibility to 
update the content of such material.  The Credit Profiles and Credit Insight videos are prepared by the Insurer ; 
they have not been reviewed or approved by the issuer of or the underwriter for the Bonds, and the issuer and 
underwriter assume no responsibility for their content. 
The Insurer receives compensation (an insurance premium) for the insurance that it is providing with 
respect to the Bonds. Neither the Insurer  nor any affiliate of the Insurer  has purchased, or committed to 
purchase, any of the Bonds, whether at the initial offering or otherwise. 
THE CITY 
General 
The City was incorporated in 1916 and operates as a general law city.  The City operates under a 
council-manager form of municipal government and is governed by a five-member City Council.  The City is a 
full-service City, offering its residents a wide range of municipal services, including public safety, highways 
and streets, sanitation, water and sewer services, development and public infrastructure improvements, culture 
and leisure programming, and general government functions.  The City encompasses approximately 7.73 
square miles in the San Gabriel Valley in the County of Los Angeles (the “County”), about 8 miles east of 
downtown Los Angeles.  The City is bounded by the City of Los Angeles to the west, the City of Alhambra to 
the north, the City of San Gabriel to the east and the City of Montebello to the South.   
The City supplies potable water to approximately 11,066 single family residential customers, 1,530 
multi-family residential customers, 798 commercial and industrial customers and 213 other customers.  The  
15 
 
Water System serves approximately 95% of the residents and businesses within the City, with private water 
companies serving the remaining portion. 
The City’s main source of water is groundwater pumped from the Main San Gabriel Valley Basin (the 
“Main Basin”), which is a sub -basin of the San Gabriel Valley Basin.  The City also purchases supplemental 
groundwater from the San Gabriel Valley Water Company (“SGVWC”).  See the caption “THE WATER 
SYSTEM—Water Supply.” 
The Water System includes 12 groundwater wells in the Main Basin (of which eight are currently 
active, three are standby wells and one is inactive), approximately 136.6 miles of transmission and distribution 
pipe ranging in size from 2- inches to 36 -inches in diameter, five primary pressure zones, eight closed sub -
zones, 11 active service zone storage reservoirs (with a total storage capacity of approximately 15.8 million 
gallons), two settling tanks, 11 booster pump stations, 20 pressure reducing stations, one imported water 
supply connection with SGVWC and four emergency interconnections. 
Land Use and Service Area 
The Water System’s service area is approximately seven square miles, and is primarily a residential 
community, with 78% of its land zoned for single and multiple family housing.  The remaining portion of the 
City is made up of commercial, employment/technology, mixed uses, open space and public facilities.  As of 
January 1, 2023, the estimated population of the City was approximately 59,288.  Because the City is 
essentially at full build out, it is not expected that the City’s population will increase significantly in the future. 
The Water System provides retail water service to 95% of the City’s residents and businesses within 
the City, with private water companies serving the remaining portion of the City.  The Water System’s service 
area generally coincides with the City’s boundaries with four exceptions: (1) Mark Keppel High School, 
located north of Hellman Avenue and west of New Avenue, is outside the City limits but is served by the 
Water System; (2) in the northwest portion of the City, the area south of the Sheriff’s Academy and west of 
Long Beach Freeway is served by California Water Services Company; (3) in the southwest portion of the 
City, the East Los Angeles Community College and adjacent areas generally south of Floral Drive and west of 
Gerhart Avenue are served by California Water Services Company; and (4) in the east portion of the City, the 
area east of Alisar Avenue and north of Portrero Grande Drive is served by SGVWC. 
Principal employers in the City comprise a diverse group of industries, including healthcare centers 
and big -box retailers.  As of June 30, 2023 the largest principal employers in the City included Garfield 
Medical Center, Southern California Gas Company, Costco, Monterey Park Hospital and Home Depot.  
Additionally, the City recently completed Phase I of The Market Place, the largest development in the City’s 
history which includes nationally and locally recognized tenants such as Home Depot, In -N-Out, Chick-Fil-A 
and Starbucks.  Two additional phases could allow for up to 140,000 square feet of commercial development.  
In April of 2021, a new 288 room Courtyard by Marriott hotel opened along the 10 freeway (the San 
Bernardino Freeway).  Additionally, a new Holiday Inn and Suites development is underway in the City.  The 
Holiday Inn and Suites will be a mixed -use development including hotel rooms, and 85 condominium units, 
and retail uses.  The condominium units were completed in 2023 and are being sold to individual homebuyers.  
The hotel and retail developments are anticipated to be completed in Fiscal Year 2024-25. 
The topography varies throughout the City. The northeast portion of the City is generally flat.  There 
are four separate hilly areas separated by valleys that provide for the major thoroughfares such as Atlantic 
Boulevard, Monterey Pass Road, and the Long Beach Freeway.  The highest elevation in the City is 
approximately 702 feet, located at the easterly end of Sombrero Drive (site of Sombrero Reservoir and Pump 
Station). The lowest elevation is about 260 feet at the southern border of t