use of proceeds. BAM has been identified 
by the ICMA as an observer organization that is active in the field of green and/or social or 
sustainability finance and as a Climate Bond Initiative approved verifier. The GreenStar Credit 
Profile prepared by BAM for the Bonds will identify which of the following GBP categories 
applies to the Bonds:  
• renewable energy 
• energy efficiency 
• pollution prevention and control  
• environmentally sustainable management of living natural resources and land use 
• terrestrial and aquatic biodiversity 
• clean transportation  
• climate change adaptation  
• sustainable water and wastewater management 
• green buildings 
 
Each of the GBPs correlates to one of the following UN Sustainable Development Goals 
which will also be included in the GreenStar Credit Profile for the Bonds:   
• clean water and sanitation 
• affordable and clean energy 
• sustainable cities and communities 
• industry innovation and infrastructure 
• responsible consumption and production 
• climate action 
• life below water 
• life on land 
 
The Issuer makes no representation regarding the applicability of or suitability of the 
GreenStar designation. The term "GreenStar" is neither defined in, nor related to, the security 
documents relating to the Bonds. The GreenStar designation is solely for identification purposes 
and is not intended to provide or imply that the owners of the Bonds are entitled to any security 
other than that described in this official statement. The Issuer is under no contractual or other legal 
obligation to ensure compliance with any legal or other principles relating to "GreenStar" 
designation. The Issuer has made no commitment to provide ongoing reporting or information 
regarding the designation or compliance with the GBPs.   
 
The BAM GreenStar designation is based upon an assessment by BAM at the time of the 
issuance of the Bonds and such designation by BAM reflects only the views of BAM. BAM does 
not charge a fee in connection with the designation, does not perform an audit and undertakes no  
45 
 
duty of due diligence or independent verification of any information it receives. The designation 
is provided on an “AS IS” basis and is based on BAM’s own investigation, studies, assumptions, 
and criteria using its reasonable best efforts. In issuing its GreenStar designation, BAM has 
assumed and relied upon the accuracy and completeness of the information made publicly 
available by the Issuer or that was otherwise made available to BAM. BAM makes no 
representation or warranty, express or implied, including, but not limited to, the accuracy, results, 
timeliness, completeness, merchantability or fitness for any particular purpose with respect to the 
designation. A complete description of BAM GreenStar, and its limitations and terms of use,  are 
available on BAM’s website https://bambonds.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/10/2024-BAM-
GreenStar-Winter-Not-for-Print.pdf and https://bambonds.com/terms-of-use and incorporated 
herein by reference. The BAM GreenStar designation is determined solely by BAM; it has not 
been reviewed or approved by the issuer of or the underwriter for the Bonds, and the issuer and 
underwriter assume no responsibility for such designation. 
 
BAM’s GreenStar designation does not and is not intended to make any representation or 
give any assurance with respect to any other matter relating to the Bonds and is not a 
recommendation to any person to purchase, hold, or sell the Bonds. Such labeling does not address 
the market price, marketability or suitability of these Bonds for a particular investor. There is no 
assurance that the designation will be retained for any given period of time or that the designation 
will not be revised, suspended, or withdrawn by BAM if, in its judgment, circumstances so warrant.  
Additional Information Available from BAM 
Credit Insights Videos. For certain BAM-insured issues, BAM produces and posts a brief 
Credit Insights video that provides a discussion of the obligor and some of the key factors BAM’s 
analysts and credit committee considered when approving the credit for insurance. The Credit 
Insights videos are easily accessible on BAM's website at https://bambonds.com/insights/#video.  
(The preceding website address is provided for convenience of reference only. Information 
available at such address is not incorporated herein by reference.) 
Credit Profiles.  Prior to the pricing of bonds that BAM has been selected to insure, BAM 
may prepare a pre-sale Credit Profile for those bonds. These pre-sale Credit Profiles provide 
information about the sector designation (e.g. general obligation, sales tax); a preliminary 
summary of financial information and key ratios; and demographic and economic data relevant to 
the obligor, if available. Subsequent to closing, for any offering that includes bonds insured by 
BAM, any pre-sale Credit Profile will be updated and superseded by a final Credit Profile to 
include information about the gross par insured by CUSIP, maturity and coupon. BAM pre-sale 
and final Credit Profiles are easily accessible on BAM's website at https://bambonds.com/credit-
profiles. BAM will produce a Credit Profile for all bonds insured by BAM, whether or not a pre-
sale Credit Profile has been prepared for such bonds. (The preceding website address is provided 
for convenience of reference only. Information available at such address is not incorporated herein 
by reference.) 
Disclaimers. The Credit Profiles and the Credit Insights videos and the information 
contained therein are not recommendations to purchase, hold or sell securities or to make any 
investment decisions. Credit-related and other analyses and statements in the Credit Profiles and 
the Credit Insights videos are statements of opinion as of the date expressed, and BAM assumes  
46 
 
no responsibility to update the content of such material. The Credit Profiles and Credit Insight 
videos are prepared by BAM; they have not been reviewed or approved by the issuer of or the 
underwriter for the Bonds, and the issuer and underwriter assume no responsibility for their 
content. 
BAM receives compensation (an insurance premium) for the insurance that it is providing 
with respect to the Bonds. Neither BAM nor any affiliate of BAM has purchased, or committed to 
purchase, any of the Bonds, whether at the initial offering or otherwise. 
RATINGS 
S&P is expected to assign the Bonds a rating of "AA" (Stable Outlook) based on the Policy 
to be issued and delivered by BAM at the time of delivery of the Bonds. Moody’s has assigned the 
Bonds an underlying rating of "A1" (Stable Outlook). These ratings reflect only the views of S&P 
and Moody’s and any explanation of the significance of such rating may only be obtained from 
each rating agency. Certain information concerning the Bonds and the City not included in this 
Official Statement was furnished to S&P, Moody’s and BAM by the City. There is no assurance 
that the ratings will be maintained for any given period of time or may not be changed by S&P and 
Moody’s if, in such rating agency's judgment, circumstances so warrant. Any downward change 
in or withdrawal of the rating may have an adverse effect on the market price of the Bonds. 
Except as may be required by the Undertaking described above under the heading 
"CONTINUING DISCLOSURE," neither the City nor the Underwriters undertake responsibility to 
bring to the attention of the owners of the Bonds any proposed change in or withdrawal of the 
rating or to oppose any such revision or withdrawal. 
UNDERWRITING 
The Underwriters are expected to enter into a purchase contract with the City pursuant to 
which the Underwriters will agree, subject to certain customary conditions precedent to closing, 
to purchase the Bonds from the City at a purchase price of $118,379,746.40 (representing the par 
amount of the Bonds less an Underwriters’ discount of $233,464.75 plus an original issue premium 
of $8,778,211.15). 
Under the purchase contract, the Underwriters will be obligated to purchase all the Bonds, 
if any Bonds are purchased. The Bonds may be offered and sold to certain dealers (including the 
Underwriters and other dealers depositing such Bonds into investment trusts) at prices lower than 
the initial offering prices, and such public offering prices may be changed, from time to time, by 
the Underwriters.  
J.P. Morgan Securities LLC ("JPMS"), one of the Underwriters of the Bonds, has entered 
into negotiated dealer agreements (each, a "Dealer Agreement") with each of Charles Schwab & 
Co., Inc. ("CS&Co.") and LPL Financial LLC ("LPL") for the retail distribution of certain 
securities offerings at the original issue prices. Pursuant to each Dealer Agreement, each of 
CS&Co. and LPL may purchase Bonds from JPMS at the original issue price less a negotiated 
portion of the selling concession applicable to any Bonds that such firm sells.  
47