Use of Proceeds evaluated or assessed by qualified third parties, such as specialized 
research providers or rating agenci es, according to an established scoring/rating methodology. The output 
may include a focus on environmental performance data, the process relative to the GBP, or another 
benchmark, such as a 2-degree climate change scenario. Such scoring/rating is distinct from credit ratings, 
which may nonetheless reflect material environmental risks.  
 
H-11Second-Party Opinion  
Whitney Museum Green Bond Framework  
  
 
  
 
12 
 
Disclaimer 
Copyright ©2020 Sustainalytics. All rights reserved. 
The information, methodologies and opinions contained or reflected herein are proprietary of Sustainalytics 
and/or its third party suppliers (Third Party Data), and may be made available to third parties only in the form 
and format disclosed by Sustainalytics, or provided that appropriate citation and acknowledgement is 
ensured. They are provided for informational purposes only and (1) do not constitute an endorsement of any 
product or project; (2) do not consti tute investment advice, financial advice or a prospectus; (3) cannot be 
interpreted as an offer or indication to buy or sell secu rities, to select a project or make any kind of business 
transactions; (4) do not represent an assessment of the issuer’s economic performance, financial 
obligations nor of its creditworthiness; and/or (5) have  not and cannot be incorporated into any offering 
disclosure. 
These are based on information made available by the issuer and therefore are not warranted as to their 
merchantability, completeness, accuracy, up-to-dateness or fitness for a particular purpose. The information 
and data are provided “as is” and reflect Sustainalytics` opinion at the date of their elaboration and 
publication. Sustainalytics accepts no liability for dam age arising from the use of the information, data or 
opinions contained herein, in any ma nner whatsoever, except where explicitly required by law. Any reference 
to third party names or Third Party Data is for appropriate acknowledgement of their ownership and does 
not constitute a sponsorship or endorsement by such owner. A list of our third-party data providers and their 
respective terms of use is available on  our website. For more information, 
visit http://www.sustainalytics.com/legal-disclaimers. 
The issuer is fully responsible for certifying and ensuring the compliance with its commitments, for their 
implementation and monitoring. 
In case of discrepancies between the English language and translated versions, the English language 
version shall prevail. 
H-12Second-Party Opinion  
Whitney Museum Green Bond Framework  
  
 
  
 
13 
 
About Sustainalytics, a Morningstar Company 
Sustainalytics, a Morningstar Company, is a leading ESG research, ratings and data firm that supports 
investors around the world with the development and implementation of responsible investment strategies. 
The firm works with hundreds of the world’s leading asset managers and pension funds who incorporate 
ESG and corporate governance information and assessme nts into their investment processes. The world’s 
foremost issuers, from multinational corporations to financial institutions to governments, also rely on 
Sustainalytics for credible second-party opinions on green, social and sustainable bond frameworks. In 
2020, Climate Bonds Initiative  named Sustainalytics the “Largest A pproved Verifier for Certified Climate 
Bonds” for the third consec utive year. The firm was also recogniz ed by Environmental Finance as the 
“Largest External Reviewer” in 2020 for the second  consecutive year. For mo re information, visit 
www.sustainalytics.com. 
 
H-13[THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] THE TRUST FOR CULTURAL RESOURCES OF THE CITY OF NEW YORK • REFUNdINg REvENUE BONdS, SERIES 2021 (WHITNEY MUSEUM OF AMERICAN ART) (gREEN BONdS)