Use of Proceeds.  Neither the Authority nor the City shall take any action, or fail to take 
action, if any such action or failure to take action would cause the Series 2021 Bonds to be “private 
activity bonds” within the meaning of Section 141 of the Code and applicable Treasury Regulations, and 
in furtherance thereof, shall not make any use of the proceeds of the Series 2021 Bonds or any of the 
property financed or refinanced with proceeds of the Series 2021 Bonds, or any portion thereof, that 
would cause the Series 2021 Bonds to be “private activity bonds” within the meaning of Section 141 of A-15 
the Code. So long as any Series 2021 Bonds are outstanding, the Authority and the City, with respect to 
such proceeds and property, will comply with the requirements of the Code and the Treasury Regulations, 
to the extent such requirements are, at the time, applicable and in effect.  The City shall establish 
reasonable procedures necessary to ensure continued compliance with Section 141 of the Code and the 
continued qualification of the Series 2021 Bonds as “governmental bonds.” 
(c) Arbitrage.  Neither the Authority nor the City shall directly or indirectly use or permit the 
use of any proceeds of any Series 2021 Bonds, or of any property financed or refinanced thereby, or of 
other funds of the Authority or the City, that would cause the Series 2021 Bonds to be “arbitrage bonds” 
within the meaning of Section 148 of the Code and applicable Treasury Regulations, and shall not 
otherwise take any action, or fail to take action, if such action or failure to take action would cause the 
Series 2021 Bonds to be “arbitrage bonds” within the meaning of Section 148 of the Code and applicable 
Treasury Regulations.   The Authority and the City shall comply with all requirements of Section 148 of 
the Code and the Treasury Regulations to the extent such requirements are, at the time, in effect and 
applicable to the Series 2021 Bonds. 
(d) Federal Guarantee.  Neither the Authority nor the City shall make any use of the proceeds 
of the Series 2021 Bonds, or of any other funds of the Authority or the City, that would cause the Series 
2021 Bonds to be “federally guaranteed” within the meaning of Section 149(b) of the Code, and shall not 
otherwise take any action, or fail to take action, when such action or failure to take action would cause the 
Series 2021 Bonds to be “federally guaranteed” within the meaning of Section 149(b) of the Code. 
(e) Compliance with Tax Certificate.  In furtherance of the foregoing tax covenants of the 
Indenture, the Authority and the City each covenant that it will comply with the provisions of the Tax 
Certificate, which is incorporated herein as if fully set forth herein.  These covenants shall survive 
payment in full or defeasance of the Series 2021 Bonds. 
Installment Purchase Agreement 
The Trustee shall promptly collect all amounts due from the City pursuant to the Installment 
Purchase Agreement.  Subject to the provisions of Article VI and Article IX, the Trustee may enforce, and 
take all steps, actions and proceedings which the Trustee determines to be reasonably necessary for the 
enforcement of all of its rights thereunder as assignee of the Authority and for the enforcement of all of 
the obligations of the City under the Installment Purchase Agreement with respect to the timely collection 
of the Installment Payments. 
Waiver of Laws 
The Authority shall not at any time insist upon or plead in any manner whatsoever, or claim or 
take the benefit or advantage of, any stay or extension law now or at any time hereafter in force that may 
affect the covenants and agreements contained in the Indenture or in the Bonds, and all benefit or 
advantage of any such law or laws is thereby expressly waived by the Authority to the extent permitted by 
law. 
Further Assurances 
The Authority will adopt, make, execute and deliver any and all such further resolutions, 
instruments and assurances as may be reasonably necessary or proper to carry out the intention or to 
facilitate the performance of the Indenture, and for the better assuring and confirming unto the Trustee 
and Owners of the Bonds the rights and benefits provided in the Indenture. A-16 
Continuing Disclosure 
The City covenants and agrees that it will comply with the continuing disclosure requirements 
with respect to the Bonds promulgated under U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission Rule 15c2-12 
and the terms of the Continuing Disclosure Agreement.  The Authority shall have no liability to the 
Owners or to any other person with respect to such disclosure matters.  Notwithstanding any other 
provisions of the Indenture, failure of the City to comply with the Continuing Disclosure Agreement shall 
not be considered an Event of Default; however, any Owner or Beneficial Owner may take, and the 
Trustee shall take, at the request of the Holders of at least 25% aggregate principal amount of Outstanding 
Bonds, and upon receipt of satisfactory indemnification, such actions as may be necessary and 
appropriate, including seeking mandate or specific performance by court order, to cause the City to 
comply with its obligations under the Continuing Disclosure Agreement. 
THE TRUSTEE 
Appointment of Trustee 
Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, a national banking association organized and existing 
under and by virtue of the laws of the United States of America, is hereby appointed Trustee by the 
Authority for the purpose of receiving all moneys required to be deposited with the Trustee hereunder and 
to allocate, use and apply the same as provided in the Indenture.  The Authority agrees that it will 
maintain a Trustee having a combined capital and surplus of at least One Hundred Million Dollars 
($100,000,000), and subject to supervision or examination by federal or State authority, so long as any 
Bonds are Outstanding.  If such bank, national banking association or trust company publishes a report of 
condition at least annually pursuant to law or to the requirements of any supervising or examining 
authority above referred to, then for the purpose of the Indenture, the combined capital and surplus of 
such bank, national banking association or trust company shall be deemed to be its combined capital and 
surplus as set forth in its most recent report of condition so published. 
Payment of Bonds; Registration Books 
The Trustee is thereby authorized to pay the Bonds when duly presented for payment at maturity, 
or on redemption or purchase prior to maturity, and to cancel all Bonds upon payment thereof.  The 
Trustee shall keep accurate records of all funds administered by it and of all Bonds paid and discharged.  
The Trustee will keep or cause to be kept at its Office sufficient books for the registration and transfer of 
the Bonds, which shall at all times during regular business hours upon reasonable notice be open to 
inspection by the City and the Authority.  Upon presentation for such purpose, the Trustee shall, under 
such reasonable regulations as it may prescribe, register or transfer or cause to be registered or 
transferred, on said books, as provided in the Indenture with respect to the Bonds. 
Acceptance of Trusts 
The Trustee thereby accepts the trusts imposed upon it by the Indenture, and agrees to perform 
said trusts, but only upon and subject to the following express terms and conditions: 
(a) The Trustee undertakes to perform such duties and only such duties as are specifically set 
forth in the Indenture.  Prior to the time that an Event of Default hereunder has occurred or after the 
curing of all Events of Default which may have occurred, the Trustee shall perform such duties and only 
such duties as are specifically set forth in the Indenture, and no implied covenants or duties shall be read 
into the Indenture against the Trustee.  In case an Event of Default hereunder has occurred (which has not 
been cured or waived) the Trustee may exercise such of the rights and powers vested in it by the A-17 
Indenture, and shall use the same degree of care and skill in their exercise, as a prudent person would 
exercise or use under the circumstances in the conduct of such person’s own affairs. 
(b) The Trustee may execute any of the trusts or powers hereof and perform the duties 
required of it hereunder by or through attorneys, agents, or receivers, and shall have no liability for the 
actions of any such attorney, agent or receiver chosen with reasonable care, and the Trustee shall be 
entitled to advice of counsel concerning all matters of trust and its duty hereunder.  The Trustee shall not 
be liable for any action taken or not taken in reliance upon advice or opinion of such counsel. 
(c) The Trustee shall not be responsible for any recital herein, or in the Bonds, or for any of 
the supplements thereto or instruments of further assurance, or for the sufficiency of the security for the 
Bonds issued hereunder or intended to be secured thereby and the Trustee shall not be bound to ascertain 
or inquire as to the observance or performance of any covenants, conditions or agreements on the part of 
the Authority hereunder.  The Trustee shall not be responsible or liable for any loss suffered in connection 
with any investment of funds made by it in accordance with the City’s investment direction or as 
otherwise provided in the Indenture. 
(d) The Trustee shall not be accountable for the use of any proceeds of sale of the Bonds 
delivered hereunder.  The Trustee may become the Owner of Bonds secured thereby with the same rights 
which it would have if not the Trustee; may acquire and dispose of other bonds or evidence of 
indebtedness of the Authority with the same rights it would have if it were not the Trustee; and may act as 
a depository for and permit any of its officers or directors to act as a member of, or in any other capacity 
with respect to, any committee formed to protect the rights of Owners of Bonds, whether or not such 
committee shall represent the Owners of the majority in principal amount of the Bonds then Outstanding. 
(e) In the absence of bad faith on its part, the Trustee shall be protected in acting upon any 
notice, request, consent, certificate, order, affidavit, letter, telegram, requisition, facsimile transmission, 
electronic mail or other paper or document believed by it to be genuine and correct and to have been 
signed or sent by the proper person or persons.  Any action taken or omitted to be taken by the Trustee in 
good faith and without negligence pursuant to the Indenture upon the request or authority or consent of 
any person who at the time of making such request or giving such authority or consent is the Owner of 
any Bond, shall be conclusive and binding upon all future Owners of the same Bond and upon Bonds 
issued in exchange therefor or in place thereof.  The Trustee shall not be bound to recognize any person as 
an Owner of any Bond or to take any action at his request unless the ownership of such Bond by such 
person shall be reflected on the Registration Books. 
(f) As to the existence or non-existence of any fact or as to the sufficiency or validity of any 
instrument, paper or proceeding, the Trustee shall be entitled to rely upon a Written Certificate of the City 
or a Written Certificate of the Authority as sufficient evidence of the facts therein contained and prior to 
the occurrence of an Event of Default hereunder of which the Trustee has been given notice or is deemed 
to have notice, as provided in the Indenture, shall also be at liberty to accept a similar certificate to the 
effect that any particular dealing, transaction or action is necessary or expedient, but may at its discretion 
secure such further evidence deemed by it to be necessary or advisable, but shall in no case be bound to 
secure the same.  The Trustee may accept a Written Certificate of the Authority to the effect that an 
authoriza