Plan of Financing 
The estimated sources and uses of funds for the Project are projected to be approximately as follows:  
Sources of Funds  
Mortgage Loan† 
Tax Credit Equity†† 
Solar ITC Equity 
LCDA Loan 
Sponsor Loan 
General Partner Opportunity Zone Equity 
Deferred Developer Fee 
$11,800,000 
7,004,911 
77,212 
269,500 
600,000 
1,854,580 
1,327,626 
Total $22,933,829 
 
Uses of Funds 
 
Project Acquisition 
Total Construction Related Costs (including contingency) 
Architectural/Engineering, FF&E and Marketing Reserve 
Financing Fees and Charges 
Soft Costs 
Project Reserves and Escrows 
Developer Fee 
$460,000 
15,722,662 
956,212 
1,215,786 
294,800 
1,977,059 
2,307,310 
Total $22,933,829 
† A portion of the proceeds of the Mortgage Loan will be collateralized by the TIF 
Note proceeds, as described below. 
†† The Borrower expects to use proceeds of a bridge loan (the “Bridge Loan”) from 
Great Southern Bank, a Missouri state chartered trust company (in such capacity, the 
“Bridge Lender”) in the principal amount of $ 4,966,333 in order to bridge a portion 
of the Tax Credit Equity contributions. 
All costs of issuance of the Bonds, including the Underwriter’s fee, will be paid by the Borrower. 
Construction Loan 
The Project will utilize the Construction Loan in the prin cipal amount of $ 11,800,000.  The obligation to 
repay the Construction Loan will be set forth in a promissory note (the “Construction Loan Note”) from the Borrower 
to the Construction Lender. The Construction Loan Note will be interest -only until December 1, 2022, subject to 
extension until June 1, 2023 , at which point the principal will be repaid in full. The Construction Loan Note will be 
secured by a first-priority mortgage against the Project.  The Construction Loan Note will have a term of 30 months 
and will bear interest at a rate of one -month LIBOR plus 2.75% per annum. The Construction Loan proceeds will be 
disbursed from time to time by the Construction Lender to the Trustee for deposit into the Collateral Fund to allow 
for a corresponding amount of Bond proceeds to be disbursed to pay Project Costs.  
16 
Mortgage Loan 
The Project will utilize the Mortgage Loan in the principal amount of $11,800,000 from the Lender.  Upon 
satisfaction of the Conditions to Conversion, the Lender will make the Mor tgage Loan to the Borrower, the proceeds 
of which will be used to repay in full the Construction Loan.  The obligation to repay the Mortgage Loan will be set 
forth in a promissory note (the “Mortgage Note”) from the Borrower to the Lender, which Mortgage N ote will have 
a term of not less than 15 years, will bear interest at a rate of 3.63%  and will amortize over 35 years.  The principal 
amount of the Bonds will be equal to the principal amount of the Mortgage Loan.  Following the MBS Delivery Date, 
payments on the Bonds will be payable by the Trustee from payments received by the Trustee pursuant to the MBS.  
Tax Credit Equity 
Simultaneously with the issuance of the Bonds, the Limited Partner will be admitted as a 98. 99% limited 
partner in the Borrower.  Pursuant to the terms of the admission of the Limited Partner, the funding of the federal low 
income housing tax credit equity (the “Tax Credit Equity”) will total approximately $7,004,911.  The funding levels 
and the timing of the funding are subject to numerous adjustments and conditions which could result in the amounts 
funded and/or the timing or even occurrence of the funding varying significantly from the projections set forth above 
and neither the Issuer nor the Underwriter makes any representation as to the availability of such funds.  
Solar ITC Equity 
The Borrower intends to install a 130 kW DC photovoltaic array as part of the Project. The Solar Investment 
Tax Credit (ITC) was enacted by the U.S. Department of the  Treasury Internal Revenue Service in 2006, and is a tax 
credit that can be claimed on federal corporate income taxes for 30% of the cost of a solar photovoltaic (PV) system 
that is placed in service during the tax year. It is expected that the Limited Par tner or a third party will purchase the 
tax credits for $77,212 from the Borrower. 
LCDA Loan 
Simultaneously with the closing of the Bonds, the City of Saint Paul, Minnesota will make a loan (the “LCDA 
Loan”), using funds received from a grant from the Metropolitan Council Livable Communities Demonstration 
Account, in an amount equal to approximately $269,500 to the Borrower.  The LCDA Loan is secured by a note, will 
be repayable from sales proceeds, will bear interest at a rate of 1% per annum, and will mature on May 1, 2050. 
Sponsor Loan 
Simultaneously with the closing of the Bonds, SRPB Strategic Housing, LLC will make a loan (the “Sponsor 
Loan”) in the amount of $600,000 to the Borrower.  The Sponsor Loan will be secured by a note, mortgage, and loan 
agreement, will be repayable from 75% of available cash flow , will bear interest at a rate of approximately 6% per 
annum, and will mature on December 31, 2050. 
General Partner Opportunity Zone Equity 
Simultaneously with the closing of th e Bonds, the Sole Member of the General Partner will make an 
investment in the form of equity (the “ General Partner Opportunity Zone Equity ”) in the amount of $1, 854,580 
contributed to the Borrower.  The General Partner Opportunity Zone Equity will be derived from an Opportunity Zone 
Fund under the TCJA. 
TIF Note 
Pursuant to a TIF Development Agreement (the “TIF Development Agreement”) between the Housing and 
Redevelopment Authority of the City of Saint Paul, Minnesota (in such capacity, the “TIF Note P rovider”) and the 
Borrower, the TIF Note Provider will provide a tax increment financing note (the “TIF Note”) in an amount equal to 
approximately $2,082,000 to the Borrower upon the satisfaction of certain conditions by the Borrower set forth in the 
TIF Development Agreement.  The TIF Note Provider will make payments on the TIF Note in order to reimburse the  
17 
Borrower for certain costs of the Project incurred by the Borrower.  The TIF Note will be assigned to Fannie Mae as 
collateral for the Mortgage Loan pursuant to an Assignment of Payments under Tax Increment Revenue Note. 
Bridge Loan 
Simultaneously with the closing of the Bonds, the Bridge Lender will make the Bridge Loan i n the amount 
of $4,966,333 to the Borrower. The Bridge Loan shall bear interest at a rate equal to one -month LIBOR plus 3.00%, 
adjusted monthly. The Bridge Loan will mature on January 1, 2023, subject to extension to a date no later than January 
1, 2024. The proceeds of the Bridge Loan will be used to bridge a portion of the Tax Credit Equity contributions. The 
Bridge Loan will be repayable from future installments of Tax Credit E quity contributions. The Bridge Loan will be 
secured by a mortgage on the Project. 
Regulatory Restrictions 
Regulatory Agreement.  The Regulatory Agreement, by and among the Issuer, the Trustee and the Borrower 
(the “Regulatory Agreement ”), imposes certain requirements with respect to the tax -exempt status of the Bonds 
under the Code, which includes, among other things, that the Project be operated as a qualified residential rental project 
with at least forty percent (40%) of completed units of the Project occupied by Low Income Tenants, i.e., tenants 
whose income does not exceed sixty percent (60%) of area median income ( “AMI”), adjusted for family size, during 
the Qualified Project Period (as such term is defined in the Regulatory Agreement) in accordance with Section 142(d) 
of the Code. Failure to comply with these requirements could result in the loss of the federal tax exemption of the 
Bonds retroactive to their date of issuance. 
Moreover, the Borrower will covenant, consistent with the requirements of Minnesota Statutes, Section 
474A.047, that during the Qualified Project Period the maximum rental rates of at least twenty percent (20%) of the 
units in the Project (which shall consist of the same units that are being encumbered by the Regul atory Agreement) 
shall not exceed the area fair market rents or exception fair market rents, as applicable, for existing housing as 
established by HUD from time to time, which units shall be occupied, or held for occupancy, by Low Income Tenants.  
The Borrower must annually certify during the term of the Regulatory Agreement that the rental rates are within the 
limitations of Minnesota Statutes, Section 474A.047, and the Commissioner of Minnesota Management and Budget 
may request from the Issuer a copy of t he annual certification prepared by the Borrower.  Failure of the Borrower to 
satisfy the rental or occupancy requirements of Minnesota Statutes, Section 474A.047 will subject the Borrower to 
monetary penalties.  See “ APPENDIX E – SUMMARY OF CERTAIN PROVIS IONS OF THE REGULATORY 
AGREEMENT” for a description of the requirements affecting the operation of the Project in order to assume 
compliance with the Code. 
Tax Credit Extended Use Agreement .  In addition, in connection with the Tax Credits allocated to the  
Borrower in connection with the Project, the Borrower will execute a Tax Credit Extended Use Agreement in 
accordance with Section 42 of the Code. The Tax Credit Extended Use Agreement will, among other things, require 
that the Borrower lease approximately  100% of the units in the Project to tenants whose household incomes do not 
exceed 60% of AMI, with the rents on these units limited to 30% of an amount equal to such tenant’s AMI threshold, 
adjusted for family size, all in accordance with Section 42 of the Code. 
Affordable Housing Declaration.  In addition, in connection with the Tax Increment Financing (TIF) 
allocated to the Borrower in connection with the Project, the Borrower will execute an Affordable Housing Declaration 
(the “Affordable Housing Declaration”) that will, among other things, require that the Borrower lease approximately 
100% of the units in the Project to tenants whose household incomes do not exceed 60% of AMI . The  TIF 
Development Agreement will terminate on the earlier of (i) the date on which the entire principal and accrued interest 
on the TIF Note has been paid in full; (ii) the later of March 1, 2047 or the March 1 following the 26 th year in which 
the TIF Note Provider receives tax increments; or (iii) any earlier date the TIF Develo pment Agreement or the TIF 
Note is cancelled in accordance with the terms of the TIF Development Agreement or deemed paid in full. The 
Affordable Housing Declaration will expire 30 years from the date a certificate of occupancy or temporary occupancy 
(which allows the Project to be eligible for occupancy with a final certificate of occupancy to be issued subject only 
to completion of landscaping and other seasonally affected items required by the City to be completed) is received by 
the Borrower from the City of Saint Paul.  
18 
Renovations in Connection with Green Rewards Program 
As part of the rehabilitation of the Project and in order to qualify for the Green Rewards program (as described 
under the heading “FANNIE MAE GREEN MORTGAGE LOAN PROGRAM” above), the Borrower expects to make 
a number of renovations intended to generate savings with respect to energy and water usage, including renovations 
to lighting fixtures, water fixtures, HVAC systems, and certain appliances. In order to qualify for the Green Rewards  
program, the projected energy and water consumption savings generated by such renovations must total at least 30%, 
inclusive of a minimum of 15% energy consumption savings.  Based on planned renovations as of the date of this 
Official Statement, the Borro wer believes that such requirements will be achieved, but no assurances can be made 
with respect to whether such requirements will in fact be satisfied once rehabilitation has been completed.