USE OF PROCEEDS OF REFUSE OBLIGATIONS.  The City shall proceed 
without delay to apply the proceeds of the Series 2020 Bonds to the purposes for which they are issued. 
(B) PAYMENT OF OBLIGATIONS.  The City shall promptly pay Debt Service 
Requirements on each series of Refuse Obligations at the place, on the date and in the manner specified in 
the City ordinances and resolutions and the documents relating to those Refuse Obligations. 
(C) CITY’S EXISTENCE.  The City shall maintain its corporate identity and 
existence unless another political subdivision by opera tion of law succeeds to the liabilities and rights of 
the City under the Bond Ordinance, without adversel y affecting to any substa ntial degree the privileges 
and rights of any Owner. 
(D) USE CHARGES. 
   (1) Rates for services of the System shall be reasonable and just, taking into 
account the cost and value of the System, Operatio n and Maintenance Expenses , proper allowances for  
B-14 
 
depreciation and the amounts necessary to retire all Refuse Obligations payable from Net Revenues, and 
any reserves therefor.  
  
   (2) No free services of the System sha ll be furnished by the City.  Any use of 
the System by the City shall be paid for from legally available funds of the City at the reasonable value of 
the use made.  Revenues derived from the City sh all be treated in the same manner as any other 
Revenues.   
 
   (3) Pursuant to, and subject to the limitations set forth in, Section 3-23-6, 
NMSA 1978, the City is granted a statutory lien upon the tracts or parcels of land being served by the 
System for unpaid System rates and charges.  The City covenants and agrees that it will cause each such 
lien to be perfected and enforced in accordance with the provisions of any applicable ordinance of the 
City and Sections 3-23-6 and 3-36-1 through 3-36-5, NMSA 1978, to the extent applicable.   
 
 (4) No reduction in the rate schedule for use of the System or System 
services may be made unless: 
    (a) The City has made all depo sits or payments required by Section 
19 of the Bond Ordinance for at least two Fiscal Years immediately preceding such reduction; and 
  
    (b) The audits for the two full Fiscal Years immediately preceding 
such reduction disclose that the estimated Revenu es resulting from the proposed rate schedule decrease 
will be sufficient to meet the requirements of Section 24.(E) of the Bond Ordinance. 
 
  (E) RATE COVENANT.  All users of the System, including the City, shall be 
charged rates and amounts, which shall be increased from time to time if necessary, sufficient to produce 
Revenues to pay the annual Operation and Mainte nance Expenses and 150% of the Debt Service 
Requirements on all Parity Obligations and any additional amounts owed in that year to any provider of a 
credit facility pursuant to Section 19 of the Bond Ordinance. 
 
  (F) EFFICIENT OPERATION.  The City sh all make such improvements and repairs 
to the System as may be necessary to insure its econom ical and efficient operation and its ability to meet 
demands for service.   
 
  (G) RECORDS OF SYSTEM.  Separate reco rds shall be kept showing complete and 
correct entries of all transactions relating to the System.  Such records shal l include monthly entries 
showing: 
 
(1) the number of customers; 
(2) the Revenues received; and  
(3) a detailed statement of System expenses. 
 
(H) RIGHT TO INSPECT.  The Insurer, any Owner and their duly authorized agents, 
shall have the right at all reasonable times to in spect the System and all records, accounts and data 
relating to the System. 
 
(I) AUDITS AND BUDGETS.  The City will, within (270 days) following the close 
of each Fiscal Year, cause an audit of its books and a ccounts relating to the System to be made showing  
B-15 
 
the receipts and disbursements in connection with the Re venues.  Each such audit, in addition to matters 
thought proper by the accountant, shall include: 
 
(1) a statement for the Fiscal Year ju st closed of the income and 
expenditures of the System, including Revenues, Ne t Revenues, the amount of any capital expenditures 
and profit or loss; 
 
(2) a balance sheet as of the end of such Fiscal Year, including all funds 
created by proceedings authorizing bonds payable from Revenues; 
 
(3) the accountant’s comment regarding th e City’s methods of operation and 
accounting practice; 
 
(4) a list of the insurance policies in force, setting out the amount of each 
policy, the risks covered, the name of the insurer an d the expiration date (provided that the requirements 
of this sub-paragraph may be satisfied by a separate certificate of an Authorized Officer, if not included as 
part of the audit); and  
 
(5) the accountant’s statement that the rates charged for services rendered by 
the System for the Fiscal Year just closed produced  Revenues sufficient to pay the annual Operation and 
Maintenance Expenses and 150% of the Debt Service Requirements on all Parity Obligations. 
 
Along with the audit, the City shall furnis h an operating budget showing the budget for the 
preceding Fiscal Year, actual income and expenses for the year and the planned budget for the ensuing 
Fiscal Year.  The City will furnish a copy of each audit and budget to any owner of any Series 2020 Bond 
upon request. 
   
  (J) BILLING PROCEDURE AND DISCONTINUANCE OF SERVICE.  System 
bills shall be sent to customers on a regular basi s each month following the month in which the service 
was provided and shall be due as require d by ordinance of the City.  If a bill is not paid within the period 
of time required by that ordinance, water services will be discontinued, if permit ted by law, and the rates 
and charges will be collected in a lawful manner.  Wa ter, sewer and System charges may be billed jointly 
and each joint bill shall show separately water, sewer and System charges. 
 
  (K) CHARGES AND LIENS UPON SYSTEM.  The City will pay, when due, from 
Revenues, all taxes and governmental charges lawfully levied in respect of the System.  The City will 
comply with all valid requirements  of any governmental authority relating to the System and will not 
create or permit to be created any lien or charge on the System or the Revenues, except as permitted in the 
Bond Ordinance.  The City will satisfy all such lawful  claims and demands within 60 days after the same 
accrue which might by law become a lien on the Syst em or upon the Revenues, unless the validity thereof 
is being contested in good faith by appropriate legal proceedings. 
   
  (L) INSURANCE.  In its operation of the System, the City will carry fire and 
extended coverage insurance, public liability insuran ce other types of insurance in such amounts and to 
such extent as is normally carried by private corpor ations operating facilities of the same type.  The City 
will also maintain, as provided by law, a self-insur ance fund to cover workmen’s compensation insurance 
or will carry equivalent insurance.  The premium and any other costs for insurance shall be considered an 
Operation and Maintenance Expense.  In the event of  property loss or damage, insurance proceeds shall 
be used first for the purpose of restoring or replacing the property lost or damaged; any remaining 
proceeds shall be treated as Revenues and shall be subject to distribution in the manner provided in  
B-16 
 
Section 18 of the Bond Ordinance.  Nothing in the Bond Ordinance shall prevent the City from 
establishing a funded self-insurance program. 
 
 
  (M) ALIENATING SYSTEM.  While the Series 2020 Bonds are Outstanding, the 
City will not sell, lease, mortgage, pl edge or otherwise alienate the Sy stem, or any part thereof, except 
any portion which has been replaced by other property of at least equal value or utility or has been 
replaced due to ordinary wear and tear or which ceases to be necessary for the efficient operation of the 
System.  In the event of any such  sale, the proceeds shall be distri buted as Revenues pursuant to Section 
18 of the Bond Ordinance. 
   
  (N) EXTENSION OF INTEREST PAYMENTS.   The City will not extend or be a 
party to the extension of the time for paying any clai m for interest on the Series 2020 Bonds.  If the time 
for paying such interest is extended, the interest ex tended shall not be entitled to the benefit or security of 
the Bond Ordinance until the principal of and inte rest on all Series 2020 Bonds which have not been 
extended have been paid in full. 
 
  (O) MANAGEMENT OF THE SYSTEM.  If an Event of Default occurs or if the Net 
Revenues in any Fiscal Year are not equal to the requirements for the payment of the Debt Service 
Requirements and required reserve deposits for all Re fuse Obligations payable from the Net Revenues in 
that Fiscal Year, the City shall reta in an independent consultant qualif ied in the management of facilities 
similar to the System to assist in the management of the System, as long as the Event of Default continues 
or the Net Revenues are less than the amount required by  this paragraph.  As long as the City complies 
with the provisions of this paragraph and the reco mmendations of the consultant on a timely basis, the 
City shall not be deemed to be in default in the pe rformance of its duties with respect to Section 24.(D) 
and 24.(E) of the Bond Ordinance even if the resulti ng Revenues are not sufficient to be in compliance 
with Section 24.(E) of the Bond Ordinance, if there is no other default under the Bond Ordinance. 
 
  (P) SURETY BOND.  Each City offici al responsible for receiving income and 
maintaining the accounts of the System shall be  fully bonded at all times, which bond shall be 
conditioned upon the proper allocation of income from the System.  The cost of each such surety bond 
shall be considered an Operation and Maintenance Expense. 
 
  (Q) PERFORMING DUTIES.  The City w ill faithfully and punctually perform all 
duties with respect to the System required by the Constitution and laws of the State and the Charger, 
ordinances and resolutions of the City. 
 
  (R) OTHER LIENS.  Except as set forth in  the Bond Ordinance, there are no liens or 
encumbrances of any nature on or against the System or the Revenues. 
 
  (S) SALE OF METHANE GAS.  While the Series 2020 Bonds are Outstanding, the 
City will not enter into any agreement to sell meth ane gas unless the City receives an opinion of Bond 
Counsel that such sale will not adversely affect the exclusion of interest on the Series 2020 Bonds from 
gross income for federal income tax purposes. 
 
Bonds Not Presented for Payment 
 
If any Series 2020 Bonds are not presented for payment when the principal becomes due 
either at maturity or at the date fixed for redemption thereof or otherwise, or if any check or draft mailed 
to an Owner in connection with a payment of in terest on any Series 2020 Bonds is not cashed by an 
Owner, and an amount sufficient to pay those Series 2020 Bonds or interest is held by the Paying Agent  
B-17 
 
for the benefit of the Owners, the Paying Agent sha ll segregate and hold such money in trust without 
liability for interest on that money to the Owners, for the benefit of the Owners of  the applicable Series 
2020 Bonds, who shall, except as provided in the follo wing paragraph, then be restricted to only the 
amounts segregated for the satisfaction of any claim relating to that payment on such Series 2020 Bonds. 
Any money which the Paying Agent segregates and holds in trust for the payment of the principal of, 
premium or interest on Series 2020 Bonds which remain s unclaimed for three years after such payment 
has become due shall be paid to the City.  After th e payment of such unclaimed money to the City, the 
Owners shall look only to the City for the payment of those Series 2020 Bonds. 
Defeasance 
 
If, when all Series 2020 Bonds become due and payable in accordance with their terms or 
otherwise as provided