Green Bonds designation. No independent certification is being obtained with respect to the treatment of
the Series 2016 Bonds as Green Bonds.
At the time of its initial design, Prairie Waters was one of the largest water-related projects in the
State, designed to provide a sustainable long-term water supply to the City’s growing population under3
drought conditions. Among other benefits, Prairie Waters makes use of riverbank filtration (see
“PRAIRIE WATERS–Current Status), a cost-effective natural pretreatment process. See “PRAIRIE
WATERS.” The City considers Prairie Waters an environmentally beneficial project because it resulted
in more efficient utilization of the existing water supplies of the System and reduced the need for
additional water rights acquisitions. As a result of Prairie Waters, the availability of water to the System
increased by approximately 20%, without the acquisition of new water rights or construction of additional
raw water storage. See “PRAIRIE WATERS–Successive Uses of Existing Water Rights.” Prairie Waters
makes use of technology to promote the conservation of water resources, improve water usage efficiency,
provide protection to System customers under drought conditions and make deliveries of water possible
to smaller water providers outside the System’s current service area, thereby providing regional water
supply and conservation benefits.
All of the proceeds of the Series 2007A Bonds as well as the proceeds of the CWCB Loan were
used to fund Prairie Waters. Proceeds from the Series 2008A Bonds were used to refund obligations of
the City issued in 2004, the proceeds of which were used to finance various additions and improvements
to the System, including: the renovation and expansion of the Wemlinger Water Treatment Plant
(expanding the plant’s treatment capacity from 60 to 80 MGD, installing state-of-the-art treatment
technology designed to meet regulatory requirements and improving architectural features); constructing
approximately three miles of water transmission line to serve the redevelopment of the 577 acre former
Fitzsimons Army Medical Center (improving the City’s existing distribution system and facilitating urban
infill development); acquiring and constructing storage capacity (including the acquisition of the City’s
storage easement in Spinney Mountain Reservoir on the South Platte River, which increased the City’s
water storage capacity by approximately 4,000 acre-feet); and acquiring and developing water rights. The
City considers at least some portion of each of these projects to be environmentally beneficial because
these projects improved the System by making it more drought-resistant and increasing its capacity to
serve customers.
Process for Evaluation and Selection
Aurora Water frequently undertakes extensive project evaluation, including implementing its
Water Management Plan and Integrated Master Plan, in order to maintain compliance with federal and
State standards. See “THE SYSTEM–Treatment and Distribution Assets–Water Management Plan”,
“CAPITAL IMPROVEMENT PLANNING–System Expansion and Improvement Projects” and
“FACTORS AFFECTING THE DELIVERY OF WATER TO CUSTOMERS.” In 2003, the City
undertook a detailed study of various methods of drought hardening the System after drought conditions
prevailing over preceding years had reduced the amounts of the System’s stored water to historically low
levels. See “FACTORS AFFECTING THE DELIVERY OF WATER TO CUSTOMERS.” The City
determined that Prairie Waters was the most cost-effective, efficient and sustainable project of the
proposed projects considered in the 2003 study. See “PRAIRIE WATERS.”
Management of Proceeds
The funding and construction of Prairie Waters was administered under extensive project
management and cost analysis procedures. As a result of labor and construction industry conditions
during the construction period, as well as the effectiveness of Aurora Water’s management of Prairie
Waters funds, Prairie Waters was completed approximately $100 million below its budgeted cost. Funds
for Prairie Waters were placed in segregated accounts and monitored by Aurora Water and an external
construction manager to ensure that the proceeds of the obligations to be refinanced by the Refunding
Project were properly allocated to project purposes. Prairie Waters is currently in operation and
performing its intended purposes. The funding of the other projects financed or refinanced by the
Refunded Obligations was also effected through segregated accounts monitored by Aurora Water.4
Reporting and Tracking
All of the proceeds of the Series 2016 Bonds are to be allocated to the Refunding Project
immediately following the issuance of the Series 2016 Bonds. Because all projects financed by the
Refunded Obligations are now complete, the City does not intend to undertake any further tracking of and
reporting on the use of such proceeds. See “PRAIRIE WATERS–Components of Prairie Waters” and
“PRAIRIE WATERS–Current Status.”
THE SERIES 2016 BONDS
Description of the Series 2016 Bonds
The Series 2016 Bonds are special and limited obligations of the City, acting by and through
Aurora Water, and are issued for the purpose of refunding all of the Refunded Obligations. The Series
2016 Bonds are in the denominations, bear interest, mature, and are subject to the other terms and
conditions stated on the cover page hereof.
Step Coupon Term Bonds Due August 1, 2046 . The following rates of interest apply to the
$45,000,000 principal amount of Series 2016 Step Coupon Term Bonds during the following periods:
From: To and Including: Interest Rate:
August 16, 2016 July 31, 2019 2.000%
August 1, 2019 July 31, 2026 2.250%
August 1, 2026 July 31, 2031 3.500%
August 1, 2031 July 31, 2041 4.500%
August 1, 2041 August 1, 2046 5.000%
Debt Service Requirements. The debt service requirements of the Series 2016 Bonds and the
other obligations payable from the Net Pledged Revenues are set forth in Table XI.
Authority for Issuance
The Series 2016 Bonds are issued under authority of the Charter and Article II of Chapter 138 of
the City Code (the “Enterprise Ordinance”). Under the Enterprise Ordinance, the City has designated and
currently maintains its water and storm and sanitary sewer activities as an “enterprise” for purposes of
Article X, Section 20 of the Colorado Constitution (“TABOR”). See “AURORA WATER.” As bonds of
a TABOR enterprise, and because they effect a refunding at lower interest rates, the Series 2016 Bonds
are authorized to be issued without approval by the electors of the City. See “CONSTITUTIONAL
LIMITATIONS ON TAXES, REVENUES, BORROWING AND SPENDING.”
Registration and Payment
The Series 2016 Bonds will be registered in the name of Cede & Co., as nominee of The
Depository Trust Company (“DTC”), securities depository for the Series 2016 Bonds. For so long as the
Series 2016 Bonds are in book-entry form, the principal of and interest on the Series 2016 Bonds will be
payable at the office of UMB Bank, n.a., or its successors, as paying agent, registrar and transfer agent
(the “Paying Agent”). Interest on the Series 2016 Bonds is payable by wire transfer to Cede & Co. upon
written instruction or by check or draft mailed by the Paying Agent to the registered owners of the Series
2016 Bonds whose names and addresses appear in the registration books of the City on the Regular5
Record Date, i.e., the fifteenth day, whether or not a business day, of the calendar month preceding the
interest payment date. Under certain circumstances a Special Record Date may be fixed by the Paying
Agent to establish ownership of the Series 2016 Bonds for the purpose of paying interest not paid when
due or interest accruing after maturity.
Book-Entry-Only System
DTC will act as securities depository for the Series 2016 Bonds. The Series 2016 Bonds will be
issued as fully registered securities registered in the name of Cede & Co. (DTC’s partnership nominee) or
such other name as may be requeste