Green Bonds designation.   No independent certification is being obtained 
with respect to the treatment of the Series 2017A Bonds as Green Bonds.  See “SOURCES AND USES 
OF FUNDS – The Series 2017 Project – Green Bonds Projects.”  
The Series 2017 Bonds; Prior Redemption 
The Series 2017 Bonds are issued solely as fully registered certificates in the denomination of 
$5,000, or any integral multiple thereof.  The Se ries 2017 Bonds are dated, mature and bear interest 
(calculated based on a 360-day year consisting of tw elve 30-day months) as set forth on the cover page 
and inside cover page of this Official Statement.  The payment of principal of and interest on the Series 
2017 Bonds is described in “THE 2017 BONDS – Regi stration and Payment.”  The Series 2017 Bonds 
initially will be registered in the name of Cede & Co., as nominee of The Depository Trust Company, 
New York, New York (“DTC”), the securities depository for the Series 2017 Bonds.  Purchases of the 
Series 2017 Bonds are to be made in book-entry form  only.  Purchasers will not receive certificates 
representing their beneficial ownership interest in the Series 2017 Bonds.  See “THE 2017 BONDS – 
Book Entry Only System.” 
The Series 2017 Bonds are subject to optional and mandatory sinking fund redemption prior to 
maturity as described in “THE SERIES 2017 BONDS – Redemption.”   
Security 
Limited Revenue Obligations.  The Series 2017 Bonds are special limited revenue obligations of 
the Board payable solely from and secured by an i rrevocable and nonexclusive pledge of and lien on the 
Net Revenue of the System, which consists generally of all revenue derived by the Board from rates, fees, 
tolls and charges for use of the System after payment of all reasonable and necessary expenses of 
operating, maintaining and repairing the System.  The Series 2017 Bonds are payable only out of the 
Parity Bonds Debt Service Account of the Water Works Fund, into which the Board covenants and agrees 
to deposit Net Revenue at the times and in the amount s sufficient to pay when due the principal of and 
interest on the Parity Bonds, including the Series 2017 Bonds.   
The lien of the Series 2017 Bonds on the Net Revenue is on a parity with the lien of the Series 
2007A Bonds, the Series 2008A Bonds, the Series 2009A Bonds, the Series 2010B Bonds, the Series 
2012A-B Bonds, the Series 2014A Bonds and the Series 2016A-B Bonds, which as of the date of this 
Official Statement are outstanding in the aggregate principal amount of $438,580,000.  The Bond 
Resolution prohibits the Board from issuing or incurring any additional obligations, including refunding 
obligations, with a lien on the Net Revenue that is s uperior to the lien of the Parity Bonds, including the 
Series 2017 Bonds.  The Board may issue Additiona l Parity Bonds as described in “SECURITY AND 
FLOW OF FUNDS – Additional Obligations Payable from Net Revenue.” 
The Series 2017 Bonds are not secured by any encumb rance, lien or mortgage on any property of 
Denver Water or the City, other than the lien on the Net Revenue and any other moneys lawfully pledged 4 
 
for the payment of the Series 2017 Bonds, and the Re gistered Owners (the “Owners”) of the Series 2017 
Bonds may not look to the General Fund or any other fund of the City, or compel the levying of any tax, 
for payment of the Series 2017 Bonds.  The Series 2017 Bonds do not constitute a debt, indebtedness or 
multiple fiscal year debt or other financial obligation of the City within the meaning of any constitutional, 
charter or statutory provision or limitation of the City or the State, do not constitute general obligations of 
the City and are not secured by a pledge of the full faith and credit of the City.   
The creation, perfection, enforcement and priority of the pledge of the Net Revenue to secure or 
pay the Series 2017 Bonds are governed by the S upplemental Act and the Bond Resolution.  The 
Supplemental Act provides that the Net Revenue, as r eceived by or otherwise credited to the Board, will 
immediately be subject to the lien of each such pledge without any physical delivery, filing or further act.  
The lien of such pledge on the Net Revenue and the obligation to perform the contractual provisions made 
in the Bond Resolution will have priority over any or all other obligations and liabilities of the Board.  
The lien of such pledge will be va lid, binding and enforceable as agains t all persons having claims of any 
kind in tort, contract or otherwise against the Board irrespective of whether such persons have notice of 
such liens. 
Professionals 
Becker Stowe Partners LLC, Denver, Colorado has acted as Bond Counsel to the Board.  
Sherman & Howard L.L.C. has acted as Special Counsel  to the Board in connection with preparation of 
this Official Statement.  The System’s financial advisor in connection with the Series 2017 Bonds is 
George K. Baum & Company, Denver, Colorado.  See “FINANCIAL ADVISOR.”  The financial 
statements in Appendix C of this Official Statem ent have been audited by CliftonLarsonAllen LLP, 
certified public accountants, Denver, Colorado as st ated in their report appearing herein.  See 
“INDEPENDENT AUDITORS.”  U.S. Bank National Asso ciation will act as the registrar and paying 
agent for the Series 2017 Bonds (the “Registrar” and “Paying Agent”).  Certain legal matters will be 
passed upon for the Underwriters by Ballard Spahr LLP, Denver, Colorado. 
Continuing Disclosure Undertaking 
The Board will execute a continuing disclosure undert aking (the “Disclosure Certificate”) at the 
time of the closing for the Series 2017 Bonds.  The Discl osure Certificate will be executed for the benefit 
of the beneficial owners of the Series 2017 Bonds a nd the Board will covenant in the Bond Resolution to 
comply with its terms.  The Disclosure Certificate will provide that so long as the Series 2017 Bonds 
remain outstanding, the System will provide the fo llowing information to the Municipal Securities 
Rulemaking Board (“MSRB”) through the EMMA system:  (i) annually, certain financial information and 
operating data; and (ii) notice of the occurrence of certain specified events; all as more particularly 
described in the Disclosure Certificate.  The form of  the Disclosure Certificate is attached hereto as 
Appendix G.  Within the last five-year period from th e date of this Official Statement, the Board has 
complied in all material respects with previous unde rtakings made pursuant to Rule 15c2-12 promulgated 
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Rule”).   
Tax Matters 
In the opinion of Becker Stowe Partners LLC, Bond Counsel, under existing law, (1) interest on 
the Series 2017 Bonds will be excludible from gross income of the owners thereof for purposes of federal 
income taxation, (2) interest on the Series 2017 Bonds will not be a specific item of tax preference for 
purposes of the federal alternative minimum tax imposed  on individuals and corporations and (3) to the 
extent interest on the Series 2017 Bonds is excluded from gross income for federal income tax purposes, 5 
 
such interest is not subject to income taxation by th e State of Colorado, all subject to the qualifications 
described in “TAX MATTERS.” 
Additional Information 
This introduction is only a brief summary of the provisions of the Series 2017 Bonds and the 
Bond Resolution; a full review of the entire Official Statement should be made by potential investors.  
Brief descriptions of the System, the Board, the Series 2017A Projects, the Net Revenues, the Series 2017 
Bonds and the Bond Resolution are included in this Official Statement.  All references herein to the Series 
2017 Bonds, the Bond Resolution and other documents or statutes are qualified in their entirety by 
reference to such documents and all capitalized te rms used herein which are not defined have the 
meanings given such terms in the Bond Resolution.  This Official Statement speaks on