GREEN BONDS DESIGNATION AND CLIMATE CERTIFICATION 
The 2017 Sub-Series A Bonds are being designated by the SFPUC as “Green Bonds.” The purpose of 
designating the offered bonds as “Green Bonds” is to a llow investors to invest directly in bonds which finance 
environmentally beneficial projects (“ Green Projects”). For purposes of such determ ination, the SFPUC considers 
the projects included in the WSIP to be Green Projects.  The proceeds of the 2017 Sub-Series A Bonds will be 
applied to finance and refinance WSIP projects. See “PLAN OF FINANCE,” “ESTIMATED SOURCES AND 
USES OF FUNDS,” “APPENDIX C—WATER SYSTEM IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM.” The 2017 Sub-Series A 
Bonds will not constitute “exempt facility bonds” issued to finance “qualified green building and sustainable design 
projects” within the meaning of Section 142(1) of the C ode. The SFPUC expects to post  information respecting the 
expenditure of the proceeds of the 2017 Sub-Series A Bonds on its website, until these proceeds are expended. 
The Climate Bonds Initiative (the “ CBI”) is an international, investor-focused non-profit organization 
working to focus the global bond market on climate change solutions through the development and promotion of an 
efficient “green” bond market. The CBI has established and manages the Climate Bonds Standard (the “ Climate 
Bonds Standard”) under which the 2017 Sub-Series A Bonds have  been certified, in acco rdance with the “Water 
Criteria” under the Climate Bonds Standard. The certification of the 2017 Sub-Series A Bonds reflects only the 
views of the CBI. The explanation of the significance of this certification may be obtained from the CBI. The 
SFPUC has provided certain information and materials to the CBI, including information concerning prior and 
anticipated capital project expenditures related to the WS IP (some of which does not appear in this Official 
Statement). As part of the certificati on process, the SFPUC retained Sustai nalytics U.S., Inc., a subsidiary of 
Sustainalytics Holding, B.V, Netherlands (collectively, “ Sustainalytics”), to provide a verification that the 2017 
Sub-Series A Bonds are aligned with the Climate Bonds Standard.  
The certification of the 2017 Sub-Series A Bonds as Climate Bonds by the CBI is based solely on the 
Climate Bonds Standard and does not, and is not intended to make any representation or give any assurance with  
 9 
respect to any other matter relating to the 2017 Sub -Series A Bonds or any WSIP project, including but not limited 
to this Official Statement, the transaction documents, the SFPUC or the management of the SFPUC. 
The certification of the 2017 Sub-Series A Bonds as Climate Bonds by the CBI was addressed solely to the 
Commission and is not a recommendation to any person to purchase, hold or sell the 2017 Sub -Series A Bonds and 
such certification does not address the market price or suitability of the 2017 Sub -Series A Bonds for a particular 
investor. The certification also does not address the merits of the decision by the SFPUC or any third party to 
participate in any WSIP project and does not express and should not be deemed to be an expression of an opinion as 
to the SFPUC or any aspect of any WSIP project (including but not limited to the financial viability of any WSIP 
project) other than with respect to conformance with the Climate Bonds Standard. 
In issuing or monitoring, as applicable, the certification, the CBI has assumed and relied upon and will 
assume and rely upon the accuracy and completeness in all material respects of the information supplied o r 
otherwise made available to the CBI.  The CBI does not assume or accept any responsibility to any person for 
independently verifying (and it has not verified) such information or to undertake (and it has not undertaken) any 
independent evaluation of any W SIP project or the SFPUC.  In addition, the CBI does not assume any obligation to 
conduct (and it has not conducted) any physical inspection of a WSIP project.  The certification may only be used 
with the 2017 Sub -Series A Bonds and may not be used for any o ther purpose without the CBI’s prior written 
consent. 
The certification does not and is not in any way intended to address the likelihood of timely payment of 
interest when due on the 2017 Sub-Series A Bonds and/or the payment of principal at maturity or any other date. 
The certification may be withdrawn at any time in the CBI’s sole and absolute discretion and there can be 
no assurance that such certification will not be withdrawn. 
The CBI is not a licensed broker -dealer or a nationally recognized statisti cal ratings organization.  
Certification by the CBI is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities, and such certification may be 
subject to revision or withdrawal, including, without limitation, in the event that the SFPUC’s future capital 
expenditures from the proceeds of the 2017 Sub -Series A Bonds vary from the anticipated expenditures reviewed by 
the CBI. The SFPUC will undertake reasonable efforts to ensure that any adjustment of capital expenditures or other 
actions taken with respect to the 2017 Sub -Series A Bonds will not result in revision or withdrawal of the CBI’s 
certification; however, there can be no guarantee that such adjustment or other action or a future revision to the 
CBI’s criteria for certifying bonds will not result in a withdrawal or revision of the CBI’s certification. 
The Indenture does not restrict the use of proceeds of future issuances of Bonds to the financing of Green 
Projects and in the future the SFPUC may issue Additional Bonds which are not designated as Green Bonds  or 
certified by the CBI. 
The repayment obligations of the SFPUC with respect to the 2017 Sub -Series A Bonds are not conditioned 
on the completion of any particular project or the satisfaction of any condition relating to the status of the 2017 Sub -
Series A Bonds  as Green Bonds or the certification of such bonds by the CBI.  See “SECURITY FOR THE 
BONDS.”