GREEN BONDS DESIGNATION AND CLIMATE BOND CERTIFICATION 
On August 31, 2018, the Climate Bonds Standard Board of the Cli mate Bonds Initiative approved certification of the 
2018 Bonds as Climate Bond Certified.  With such certification,  t h e  2 0 1 8  B o n d s  a r e  b e i n g  d e s i g n a t e d  a s  g r e e n  b o n d s  
(“Green Bonds”) by the City.  The purpose of designating the 20 18 Bonds as Green Bonds is to allow investors to invest 
directly in bonds which finance environmentally beneficial projects (“Green Projects”). For purposes of such determination, 
the City considers the projects included in the Plan of Finance  t o  b e  G r e e n  P r o j e c t s .  S e e  “ P L A N  O F  F I N A N C E , ”  
“SOURCES AND USES OF FUNDS,” “THE SYSTEM,” and “APPENDIX F – FINANCIAL FEASIBILITY REPORT.”  
The Climate Bonds Initiative (“CBI”) is an international, inves tor-focused non-profit organization working to focus the 
global bond market on climate change solutions through the deve lopment and promotion of an efficient green bond market. 
The CBI has established and manages the Climate Bonds Standard (the “Climate Bonds Standard”) under which the 2018 
Bonds have been designated as Climate Bond Certified in accorda nce with the Water Infrastructure Criteria. The 
certification of the 2018 Bonds reflects only the views of the CBI. The explanation of the significance of this certification 
may be obtained from the CBI. Additional information relating t o the CBI can be found at www.climatebonds.net. The 
website is not intended to be an active hyperlink and is not in corporated by reference in this Official Statement.  As part of  
the certification process, the City retained Sustainalytics US Inc., to provide verification that the 2018 Bonds are aligned 
with the Climate Bonds Standard. Additional information relatin g to Sustainalytics US Inc. and the certification report can 
be found at www.Sustainalytics.com. The website is not intended  to be an active hyperlink and is not incorporated by 
reference in this Official Statement.   
 The certification of the 2018 Bonds as climate bonds by the CB I is based solely on the Climate Bonds Standard and 
does not, and is not intended to, make any representation or gi ve any assurance with respect to any other matter relating to 
the 2018 Bonds or the projects fi nanced from the proceeds there of, including but not limited to this Official Statement, the 
Ordinance, the City or the management of the City. 
The certification of the 2018 Bonds by the CBI was addressed so lely to the City and is not a recommendation to any 
person to purchase, hold, or sell the 2018 Bonds and such certi fication does not address the market price or suitability of the  
11 
 
2018 Bonds for a particular investor. The certification also do es not address the merits of the decision by the City or any 
third party to participate in this transaction and does not express and should not be deemed to be an expression of an opinion 
as to the City or any aspect of the 2018 Projects (including bu t not limited to the financial viability of any of the 2018 
Projects) other than with respect to conformance with the Climate Bonds Standard. 
In issuing or monitoring, as applicable, the certification, the CBI has assumed and relied upon and will assume and rely 
upon the accuracy and completene ss in all material respects of the information supplied or otherwise made available to the 
CBI. The CBI does not assume or accept any responsibility to an y person for independently verifying (and it has not 
verified) such information or to undertake (and it has not undertaken) any independent evaluation of the 2018 Projects or the 
City. In addition, the CBI does not assume any obligation to co nduct (and it has not conducted) any physical inspection of 
the 2018 Projects. The certification may only be used with the 2018 Bonds and may not be used for any other purpose 
without the CBI’s prior written consent. 
The certification does not and is not in any way intended to ad dress the likelihood of timely payment of interest when 
due on the 2018 Bonds and/or the payment of principal at maturity or any other date.  
The certification may be withdrawn at any time in the CBI’s sol e and absolute discretion and there can be no assurance 
that such certification will not be withdrawn. 
The CBI is not a licensed broker- dealer or a nationally recogni zed statistical ratings organization. Certification by the 
CBI is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities, an d such certification may be subject to revision or withdrawal, 
including, without limitation, in the event that the City’s fut ure capital expenditures from th e proceeds of the 2018 Bonds 
vary from the anticipated expend itures reviewed by the CBI. The  City will undertake reasonable efforts to ensure that any 
adjustment of capital expenditures or other actions taken with respect to the 2018 Bonds will not result in revision or 
withdrawal of the CBI’s certification; however, there can be no  guarantee that such adjustment or other action or a future 
revision to the CBI’s criteria for certifying bonds will not result in a withdrawal or revision of the CBI’s certification.   
The Ordinance does not restrict the use of proceeds of future i ssuances of Bonds to the financing of Green Projects and 
in the future the City may issue Additional Bonds which are not designated as Green Bonds or certified by the CBI. 
The repayment obligations of the City with respect to the 2018 Bonds are not conditioned on the completion of any 
particular project or the satisfaction of any condition relatin g to the status of the 2018 Bonds or the certification of such 
bonds by the CBI.  
THE CITY 
General Description 
The City, located at the geographic center of the State, was fo rmed in 1786. It is the county seat of the County and the 
capital of the State. In addition to being the governmental center of the State, the City is also the business, finance, education 
and transportation center of the State.  
For further information regarding the City and the Columbia MSA, see Appendix B attached hereto. 
Administration of the City 
The City is governed by a council-manager form of government. The Mayor and City Council, who are elected for four-
year staggered terms, are vested with the legislative and polic y-making powers of the City. Day-to-day activities are 
administered by a council-appointed City Manager who serves as the chief executive officer of the City and is responsible to 
the City Council for proper administration of all affairs of th e City. The City Manager serves an indefinite term and is 
subject to removal by a majority vote of the City Council. Fina ncial affairs are under the supervision of the Assistant City 
Manager for Finance and Economic Services who is appointed by t he City Manager. The Finan ce Director reports to the 
Assistant City Manager for Finan ce and Economic Services and is  responsible for debt administration, investments and 
appropriation expenditures and is custodian of all City funds.  
   
12 
 
The present members of the City Council, their occupations, and the dates which their current terms end are as follows: 
Name Occupation Term Ends 
Stephen K. Benjamin, Mayor Attorn ey December 31, 2021 
Tameika Isaac Devine, Mayor Pro Tem Attorney December 31, 2021 
Moe Baddourah Busines s Owner December 31, 2019 
Sam Davis Chief Executive Officer † December 31, 2021 
Howard E. Duvall, Jr. R etired December 31, 2019 
Edward H. McDowell, Jr. Retired December 31, 2019 
Daniel J. Rickenmann Business Consultant December 31, 2021 
_________________ 
†City Councilman Sam Davis is the Chief Executive Officer of BEKOTU and Associates, Inc. 
 
Teresa B. Wilson has served as City Manager since January 2013.  Ms. Wilson has served as the City’s Director of 
Governmental Affairs and Assistant City Manager for Community P rograms, Economic Develo pment and Government