Green Bonds)] 
 APPENDIX III 
III-1 
SUMMARY OF TAX LEVIES, PAYMENT PROVISIONS, AND 
MINNESOTA REAL PROPERTY VALUATION 
 
Following is a summary of certain statutory provisions relative to tax levy procedures, tax payment and 
credit procedures, and the mechanics of real property valuation.  The summary does not purport to be 
inclusive of all such provisions or of the specific provisions discussed, and is qualified by reference to the 
complete text of applicable statutes, rules and regulations of the State of Minnesota. 
 
 
Property Valuations (Chapter 273, Minnesota Statutes) 
 
Assessor's Estimated Market Value.  Each parcel of real property subject to taxation must, by statute, be 
appraised at least once every five years as of January  2 of the year of appraisal.  With certain exceptions, 
all property is valued at its market value, which is the value the assessor determ ines to be the price the 
property t o be fairly worth, and which is referred to as the “Estimated Market Value.”  The 2013 
Minnesota Legislature established the Estimated Market Value as the value used to calculate a 
municipality’s legal debt limit. 
 
Economic Market Value.  The Economic Mark et Value is the value of locally assessed real property 
(Assessor’s Estimated Market Value) divided by the sales ratio as provided by the State of Minnesota 
Department of Revenue plus the estimated market value of personal property, utilities, railroad, an d 
minerals. 
 
Taxable Market Value.  The Taxable Market Value is the value that Net Tax Capacity is based on, after 
all reductions, limitations, exemptions and deferrals. 
 
Net Tax Capacity .  The Net Tax Capacity is the val ue upon which net taxes are levied, extended and 
collected.  The Net Tax Capacity is computed by applying the class rate percentages specific to each type 
of property classification against the Taxable Market Value.  Class rate percentages vary depending o n 
the type of property as shown on the last page of this Appendix.  The formulas and class rates for 
converting Taxable Market Value to Net Tax Capacity represent a basic element of the State's property 
tax relief system and are subject to annual revisions by the State Legislature.  Propert y taxes are the sum 
of the amounts determined by (i)  multiplying the Net Tax Capacity by the tax capacity rate, and 
(ii) multiplying the referendum market value by the market value rate. 
 
Market Value Homestead Exclusion.  In 2011, the Market Value Homestead Exclusion Program (MVHE) 
was implemented to offset the elimination of the Market Value Homestead Credit Program that provided 
relief to certain homesteads.  The MVHE reduces the taxable market value of a homestead with  an 
Assessor’s Estimated Market Value up to $413,800 in an attempt to result in a property tax similar to the 
effective property tax prior to the elimination of the homestead credit.  The MVHE applies to property 
classified as Class 1a or 1b and Class 2a, and causes a decrease in the  City’s aggregate Taxable Market 
Value, even if the Assessor’s Estimated Market Value on the same properties did not decline. 
 
 
Property Tax Payments and Delinquencies 
   (Chapters 275, 276, 277, 279-282 and 549, Minnesota Statutes) 
 
Ad valorem property taxes lev ied by local governments in Minnesota are extended and collected by the 
various counties within the State.  Each taxing jurisdiction is required to certify the annual tax levy to the 
county auditor within five (5) working  days after December 20 of the year  preceding the collection year.  
A listing of property taxes due is prepared by the county auditor and turned over to the county treasurer 
on or before the first business day in March. 
   
III-2 
The county treasurer is responsibl e for collecting all property taxes  within the county.  Real estate and 
personal property tax statements are mailed out by March 31.  One-half (1/2) of the taxes on real property 
is due on or before May  15.  The remainder is due on or before October  15.  Real property taxes not paid 
by their due date are assessed a penalty on homestead property of 2% until May 31 and increased to 4% 
on June 1.  The penalty on nonhomestead property is assessed at a rate of 4% until May 31 and increased 
to 8% on June 1.  Ther eafter, an additional 1% penalty sh all accrue each month through October  1 of the 
collection year for unpaid real property taxes.  In the case of the second installment of real property taxes 
due October 15, a penalty of 2% on homestead property and 4% on nonhomestead property is assessed.  
The penalty for homestead property increases to 6% on November  1 and again to 8% on December  1.  
The penalty for nonhomestead property increases to 8% on November 1 and again to 12% on 
December 1.  Personal property taxe s remaining unpaid on May  16 are de emed to be delinquent and a 
penalty of 8% attaches to the unpaid tax.  However, personal property that is owned by a tax- exempt 
entity, but is treated as taxable by virtue of a lease agreement, is subject to the same deli nquent property 
tax penalties as real property.   
 
On the first business day of January of the year following collection all delinquencies are subject to an 
additional 2% penalty, and those delinquencies outstanding as of February  15 are filed for a tax lien 
judgment with the district court.  By March 20 the county auditor files a publication of legal action and a 
mailing of notice of action to delinquent parties.  Those property interests not responding to this notice 
have judgment entered for the amount of the delinquency and assoc iated penalties.  The amount of the 
judgment is subject to a variable interest determined annually by the Department of Revenue, and equal to 
the adjusted prime rate charged by banks but in no event is the rate less than 10% or more than 14%. 
 
Property owners subject to a tax lien judgment generally have three years (3) to redeem the property.  
After expiration of the redemption period, unredeemed properties are declared tax forfeit with title held in 
trust by the Stat e of Minnesota for the respective taxin g districts.  The county auditor, or equivalent 
thereof, then sells those properties not claimed for a public purpose at auction.  The net proceeds of the 
sale are first dedicated to the satisfaction of outstanding sp ecial assessments on the parcel, with any 
remaining balance in most cases being divided on the following basis:  county - 40%; town or city - 20%; 
and school district - 40%.  
 
 
Property Tax Credits (Chapter 273, Minnesota Statutes) 
 
In addition to adjusting the taxable value for various property types, primary elements of Minnesota's 
property tax relief system are:  property tax levy reduction aids; the homestead credit refund and the 
renter’s property tax refund, which relate property taxes to inc ome and provide relief on a sliding inc ome 
scale; and targeted tax relief, which is aimed primarily at easing the effect of significant tax increases.  
The homestead credit refund, the renter’s property tax refund, and targeted credits are reimbursed to th e 
taxpayer upon application by the taxpayer.  Property tax levy reduction aid includes educational aids, 
local governmental aid, equalization aid, county program aid and disparity reduction aid. 
 
 
Debt Limitations 
 
All Minnesota municipalities (counties, c ities, towns and school districts) are subject to statutory “net 
debt” limitations under the provisions of Minnesota Statutes, Section 475.53.  Net debt is defined as the 
amount remaining after deducting from gross debt the amount of current revenues that are applicable 
within the current fisca l year to the payment of any debt and the aggregate of the principal of the 
following: 
 
1. Obligations issued for improvements which are payable wholly or partly from the proceeds of 
special assessments levied upon prope rty specially benefited thereby, includ ing those which are 
general obliga