Designation as Green Bonds 
The SFPUC is committed to providing retail drinking water servi ces to San Francisco and wholesale water 
to three Bay Area counties in a manner that values environmenta l and community interests, and sustains the 
resources entrusted to its care. The SFPUC maintains a Sustaina bility Plan and Program. This plan and program, 
among other sustainability-related information, are available a t www.sfwater.org/index.aspx?page=166. The 
information available on such website is not incorporated by reference into this Official Statement and should not be 
relied upon in making an investment in the 2019 Series ABC Bonds. 
The SFPUC is issuing the 2019 Sub -Series A Bonds as “Green Bond s” based on the climate adaptation 
and/or mitigation benefits of the projects financed and refinanced by the 2019 Sub-Series A Bonds. 
The purpose of designating the 2019 Sub-Series A Bonds as Green  Bonds is to allow investors to invest 
directly in bonds which finance environmentally beneficial proj ects (“ Green Projects ”). For purposes of such 
determination, the SFPUC considers the projects included in its  Water System Improvement Program (“ WSIP”) to 
be Green Projects. The proceeds of the 2010 Sub-Series F Bonds,  the 2011 Sub-Series A Bonds and the 2012 Sub-
Series A Bonds, and proceeds of the 2019 Sub-Series A Bonds wil l be, applied to finance and refinance WSIP 
projects. See “PLAN OF REFUNDING,” “ESTIMATED SOURCES AND USES OF FUNDS”, and “CAPITAL 
IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM – Water System Improvement Program (WSIP).” The 2019 Sub-Series A Bonds will 
not constitute “exempt facility bonds” issued to finance “quali fied green building and sustainable design projects” 
within the meaning of Section 142(1) of the Code.  
The Climate Bonds Initiative and Climate Bonds 
The Climate Bonds Initiative (the “ CBI”) is an international, investor-focused non-profit organizatio n 
working to focus the global bond market on climate change solut ions through the development and promotion of an 
efficient “green” bond market. The CBI has established and mana ges the Climate Bonds Standard (the “ Climate 
Bonds Standard”) under which the 2019 Sub-Series A Bonds have been certified in accordance with the “Water 
Criteria” of such standard. The certification of the 2019 Sub-S eries A Bonds reflects only the views of the third-
party verifier report approved by the Climate Bonds Standard Bo ard. The explanation of the significance of this 
certification may be obtained from the CBI. The SFPUC has provi ded a third-party verified report to the Climate 
Bonds Standard Board, including information concerning prior an d anticipated capital project expenditures related  
 1 4  
to the WSIP (some of which does not appear in this Official Sta tement). As part of the certification process, the 
SFPUC retained Sustainalytics U.S. , Inc., a subsidiary of Susta inalytics Holding, B.V, Netherlands (collectively, 
“Sustainalytics” ) ,  t o  p r o v i d e  a  t h i r d - p a r t y  v e rification that the 2019 Sub-Ser ies A Bonds are aligned with the 
Climate Bonds Standard.  
The certification of the 2019 Sub-Series A Bonds as “Climate Bo nds” by the CBI is based solely on the 
Climate Bonds Standard and does not, and is not intended to make any representation or give any assurance with 
respect to any other matter relating to the 2019 Sub-Series A B onds or any WSIP project, including but not limited 
to this Official Statement, the transaction documents, the SFPUC or the management of the SFPUC. 
The certification of the 2019 Sub-Series A Bonds as “Climate Bo nds” by the CBI was addressed solely to 
the SFPUC and is not a recommendation to any person to purchase , hold or sell the 2019 Sub-Series A Bonds and 
such certification does not address the market price or suitabi lity of the 2019 Sub-Series A Bonds for a particular 
investor. The certification also does not address the merits of  the decision by the SFPUC or any third party to 
participate in any WSIP project and does not express and should not be deemed to be an expression of an opinion as 
to the SFPUC or any aspect of an y WSIP project (including but n ot limited to the financial viability of any WSIP 
project) other than with respect to conformance with the Climate Bonds Standard. 
In issuing or monitoring, as applicable, the certification, the  CBI has assumed and relied upon and will 
assume and rely upon the accuracy and completeness in all mater ial respects of the information supplied or 
otherwise made available to the CBI. The CBI does not assume or  accept any responsibility to any person for 
independently verifying (and it has not verified) such informat ion or to undertake (and it has not undertaken) any 
independent evaluation of any WSIP project or the SFPUC. In add ition, the CBI does not assume any obligation to 
conduct (and it has not conducted) any physical inspection of a ny WSIP project. The certification may only be used 
with the 2019 Sub-Series A Bonds and may not be used for any ot her purpose without the CBI’s prior written 
consent. 
The certification does not and is not in any way intended to ad dress the likelihood of timely payment of 
interest when due on the 2019 Sub-Series A Bonds and/or the payment of principal at maturity or any other date.  
The certification may be withdrawn at any time in the CBI’s sol e and absolute discretion and there can be 
no assurance that such certification will not be withdrawn. 
The CBI is not a licensed broker-dealer or a nationally recogni zed statistical ratings organization. 
Certification by the CBI is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities, and such certification may be 
subject to revision or withdrawal. The SFPUC will undertake reasonable efforts to ensure that any actions taken with 
respect to the 2019 Sub-Series A Bonds will not result in revision or withdrawal of the CBI’s certification; however, 
there can be no guarantee future actions or a future revision t o the CBI’s criteria for certifying bonds will not result 
in a withdrawal or revision of the CBI’s certification. The pro ceeds of the bonds to be refunded by the 2019 Sub-
Series A Bonds were expended on WSIP projects and the SFPUC posts information of WSIP projects on its website. 
The repayment obligations of the SFPUC with respect to the 2019  Sub-Series A Bonds are not conditioned 
on the completion of any particular project or the satisfaction of any condition relating to the status of the 2019 Sub-
Series A Bonds as Green Bonds or the certification of such bonds by the CBI. The SFPUC assumes no obligation to 
ensure compliance with any legal  or other principles of Green B onds, as such principles may evolve over time. See 
“SECURITY FOR THE BONDS.” 
The terms “Climate Bond” and “green bonds” are neither defined in, nor related to the Indenture, and their 
use herein is for identification purposes only and is not inten ded to provide or imply that a holder of the 2019 Sub-
Series A Bonds is entitled to any additional security other tha n as provided in the Indenture. The SFPUC has no 
continuing legal obligation to maintain the Climate Bond certification of the 2019 Sub-Series A Bonds. 
The 2019 Sub-Series B Bonds and the 2019 Sub-Series C Bonds are  not being designated as “Green 
Bonds.” The Indenture does not restrict the use of proceeds of future issuances of Bonds to the financing of Green  
 1 5  
Projects and in the future the SFPUC may issue Additional Bonds  which are not designated as Green Bonds or 
certified by the CBI. 
United Nations Sustainable Development Goals 
Impacts from WSIP projects fina nced by the SFPUC’s Green Bonds are also aligned with several United 
Nations Sustainable Development Goals (“UN SDG”). By reference to the International Capital Market Associatio n 
(“ICMA”) “Green and Social Bonds: A High-Level Mapping to the Sustain able Development Goals” (June 2019), 
the projects financed or refinan ced by the 2019 Sub-Series