Green Bonds Designation.  The City is issuing the Series 2020D Bonds as “Green Bonds” based 
upon the environmental benefits of the capital projects to be financed and refinanced with proceeds of the 
Series 2020D Bonds.  The City has designated the capital projects to be financed with the Series 2020D 
Bonds as “Green Projects” due to the fact that such projects are designed to be environmentally beneficial 
in the broad category of clean water and sustainable waste management.  The City also believes that the 
capital projects financed with proceeds of the Series 2010D Bonds and the Series 2012C Bonds were  
 4 
environmentally friendly.  The purpose of the “Green Bond” designation is to allow holders of the Series 
2020D Bonds to invest directly in projects that are beneficial to the environment and is not intended to 
provide or imply that a holder of the Series 2020D Bonds is entitled to any additional security.  While the 
City will take steps to ensure compliance with the principles of Green Bonds in effect as of the issuance of 
the Series 2020D Bonds, the City does not make any representation that the Series 2020D Bonds will 
comply with any future changes to the principles of Green Bonds enacted by the International Capital 
Market Association after the date of issuance of the Series 2020D Bonds. 
 
The City’s Office of Financial Services will track the use of the proceeds of the Series 2020D Bonds 
and the City will post to EMMA an annual update regarding the use of the proceeds of the Series 2020D 
Bonds until they are fully expended.  Once all proceeds of the Series 2020D Bonds have been expended, 
the City will not post any further updates to EMMA regarding the expenditure of the Series 2020D proceeds. 
 
Refunded Bonds to be Refunded.  Listed in the tables below are the Refunded Bonds to be refunded 
with proceeds of the Series 2020D Bonds, and amounts currently held by the City in the Reserve Account 
that are allocable to the Refunded Bonds. 
Series 2010D Refunded Maturities 
Maturity Date 
(December 1) 
 
Interest 
Rate 
 Principal 
Amount to 
be Refunded 
 
Redemption 
Date 
 
Redemption 
Price