Green Bonds) (the 
“Series 2017G Bonds” and, together with the Series 2017A Bonds,  Series 2017B Bonds, Series 2017C Bonds, 
Series 2017D Bonds, Series 2017E Bonds and Series 2017F Bonds, the “Bonds”), pursuant to a Certificate of the 
Director of Budget and Fiscal Services of the City dated August  16, 2017 (the “Certificate”), and bond authorizing 
ordinances and a resolution adopted by the City Council and ide ntified in the Certificate (the “Bond Proceedings”).  
Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Certificate. 
In such connection, we have reviewed the Bond Proceedings, the Certificate, the Tax Certificate of the City, dated 
the date hereof (the “Tax Certificate”), an opinion of the Corporation Counsel of the City, certificates of the City and 
others, and such other documents, opinions and matters to the extent we deemed necessary to render the opinions set 
forth herein. 
The opinions expressed herein are based on an analysis of existing laws, regulations, rulings and court decisions and 
cover certain matters not directly addressed by such authoritie s.  Such opinions may be affected by actions taken or 
omitted or events occurring after the date hereof.  We have not  undertaken to determine, or to inform any person, 
whether any such actions are taken or omitted or events do occur or any other matters come to our attention after the 
date hereof.  Accordingly, this letter speaks only as of its date and is not intended to, and may not, be relied upon or 
otherwise used in connection with any such actions, events or m atters.  We disclaim any obligation to update this 
letter.  We have assumed the genuineness of all documents and signatures presented to us (whether as originals or as 
copies) and the due and legal execution and delivery thereof by, and validity against, any parties other than the City.  
We have assumed, without undertaking to verify, the accuracy of  the factual matters represented, warranted or 
c e r t i f i e d  i n  t h e  d o c u m e n t s ,  a n d  o f  t h e  l e g a l  c o n c l u s i o n s  c o n t a ined in the opinions, referred to in the second 
paragraph hereof.  Furthermore, we have assumed compliance with  all covenants and agreements contained in the 
Bond Proceedings, the Certificate and the Tax Certificate, incl uding (without limitation) covenants and agreements 
compliance with which is necessary to assure that future action s, omissions or events will not cause interest on the 
Series 2017A Bonds, Series 2017B Bonds, the Series 2017C Bonds,  the Series 2017D Bonds and the Series 2017E 
Bonds to be included in gross income for federal income tax pur poses.  We call attention to the fact that the rights 
and obligations under the Bonds, the Bond Proceedings, the Cert ificate and the Tax Certificate and their 
enforceability may be subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, receiv ership, reorganization, arrangement, fraudulent  
B-2 
conveyance, moratorium and other laws relating to or affecting creditors’ rights, to the application of equitable 
principles, to the exercise of judicial discretion in appropria te cases, and to the limitations on legal remedies against 
counties in the State of Hawaii.  We express no opinion with re spect to any indemnification, contribution, liquidated 
damages, penalty (including any remedy deemed to constitute a p enalty), right of set-off, arbitration, choice of law, 
choice of forum, choice of venue, non-exclusivity of remedies, waiver or severability provisions contained in the 
documents described in the second paragraph hereof.  Our servic es did not include financial or other non-legal 
advice.  Finally, we undertake no responsibility for the accura cy, completeness or fairness of the Official Statement 
or other offering material relating to the Bonds and express no opinion with respect thereto. 
Based on and subject to the foregoing, and in reliance thereon,  a s  o f  t h e  d a t e  h e r e o f ,  w e  a r e  o f  t h e  f o l l o w i n g  
opinions: 
1. The Bonds constitute the valid and binding general obligatio ns of the City. 
2. The Certificate has been dul y executed and delivered by the Director of Budget and Fiscal Services; and the 
Certificate constitutes the valid and binding obligation of the City. 
3. Under the Act, the City is obligated to levy ad valorem taxe s, without limitation as to rate or amount, for 
the payment of the Bonds and the interest thereon, upon all the  real property within the City subject to taxation by 
the City. 
4. Interest on the Series 2017A Bonds, Series 2017B Bonds, the Series 2017C Bonds, the Series 2017D Bonds 
and the Series 2017E Bonds is excluded from gross income for federal income tax purposes under Section 103 of the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, and the Bonds and the income the refrom are exempt from all taxation by the State 
of Hawaii or any county or other political subdivision thereof,  except inheritance, transfer, estate and certain 
franchise taxes.  Interest on the Series 2017A Bonds, Series 20 17B Bonds, the Series 2017C Bonds, the Series 
2017D Bonds and the Series 2017E Bonds is not a specific prefer ence item for purposes of the federal individual or 
corporate alternative minimum ta xes, although we observe that i t is included in adjusted current earnings when 
calculating corporate alternative minimum taxable income.  Inte rest on the Series 2017F Bonds and the Series 
2017G Bonds is not excludable from gross income for federal inc ome tax purposes.  We express no opinion 
regarding other tax consequences related to the ownership or di sposition of, or the amount, accrual or receipt of 
interest on, the Bonds. 
Faithfully yours,