GREEN BONDS DESIGNATION AND CLIMATE CERTIFICATION 
The 2017 Sub-Series D Bonds  and the 2017 Sub -Series G Bonds  are being designated by the SFPUC as 
“Green Bonds.” The purpose of designating the offered bonds as “Green Bonds” is to allow investors to invest 
directly in bonds which finance environmentally beneficial projects (“ Green Projects ”). For purposes of such 
determination, the SFPUC considers the projects included in the WSIP to be Green Projects.  The proceeds of the 
2011 Sub-Series A Bonds and the 2012 Sub-Series A Bonds were and proceeds of the 2017 Sub-Series D Bonds and 
the 2017 Sub -Series G Bonds will be applied to finance and refinance WSIP projects.  See “PLAN OF 
REFUNDING,” “ESTIMATED SOURCES AND USES OF FUNDS,” “APPENDIX C —WATER SYSTEM 
IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM.”  The 2017 Sub- Series D Bonds  and the 2017 Sub -Series G Bonds will not 
constitute “exempt facility bonds” issued to finance “qualified green building and sustainable design projects” 
within the meaning of Section 142(1) of the Code.  
The Climate Bonds In itiative (the “ CBI”) is an international, investor -focused non -profit organization 
working to focus the global bond market on climate change solutions through the development and promotion of a n 
efficient “green” bond market. The CBI has established and ma nages the Climate Bond s Standard (the “ Climate 
Bonds Standard”) under which the 2017 Sub -Series D Bonds  and the 2017 Sub -Series G Bonds have been 
certified, in accordance with the “Water Criteria” under the Climate Bond s Standard. The certification of the 2017 
Sub-Series D Bonds  and the 2017 Sub -Series G Bonds reflects only the views of the CBI.  The explanation of the 
significance of this certification may be obtained from the CBI.  The SFPUC has provided certain information and 
materials to the CBI, including information concerning prior and anticipated capital project expenditures related to 
the WSIP (some of which does not appear in this Official Statement).  As part of the certification process, the 
SFPUC retained Sustainalytics U.S., Inc., a subsidiary of  Sustainalytics Holding, B.V, Netherlands (collectively, 
“Sustainalytics”), to provide a verification that the 2017 Sub -Series D Bonds and the 2017 Sub-Series G Bonds are 
aligned with the Climate Bonds Standard.   
12 
The certification of the 2017 Sub -Series D Bonds and the 2017 Sub -Series G Bonds as Climate Bonds by 
the CBI is based solely on the Climate Bond s Standard and does not, and is not intended to make any representation 
or give any assurance with respect to any other matter relating to the 2017 Sub -Series D Bonds , the 2017 Sub -
Series G Bonds or any WSIP project, including but not limited to this Official Statement, the transaction documents, 
the SFPUC or the management of the SFPUC. 
The certification of the 2017 Sub -Series D Bonds  and the 2017 Sub -Series G Bonds  as Climate Bonds by 
the CBI was addressed solely to the Commission and is not a recommendation to any person to purchase, hold or 
sell the 2017 Sub -Series D Bonds  or the 2017 Sub -Series G Bonds and such certification does not address the 
market price or suitability of the 2017 Sub-Series D Bonds or the 2017 Sub-Series G Bonds for a particular investor. 
The certification also does not address the merits of the decision by the SFPUC or any third party to participate in 
any WSIP project and does not express and should not be deemed to be an expression of an opinion as to the SFPUC 
or any aspect of any WSIP project (including but not limited to the financial viability of any WSIP project) other 
than with respect to conformance with the Climate Bonds Standard. 
In issuing or monitoring, as applicable, the certification, the CBI has assumed and relied upon and will 
assume and rely upon the accuracy and completeness in all material respects of the information supplied or 
otherwise made available to the CBI . The CBI does not assume or accept any responsibility to any person for 
independently verifying (and it has not verified) such information or to undertake (and it has not undertaken) any 
independent evaluation of any WSIP project or the SFPUC.  In addition, the CBI does not assume any obligation to 
conduct (and it has not conducted) any physical inspection of a WSIP project.  The certification may only be used 
with the 2017 Sub -Series D Bonds  and the 2017 Sub -Series G Bonds and may not be used for any other purpose 
without the CBI’s prior written consent. 
The certification does not and is not in any way intended to address the likelihood of timely payment of 
interest when due on the 2017 Sub -Series D Bonds or the 2017 Sub-Series G Bonds and/or the payment of principal 
at maturity or any other date.  
The certification may be withdrawn at any time in the CBI’s sole and absolute discretion and there can be 
no assurance that such certification will not be withdrawn. 
The CBI is not a licensed broker -dealer or a nat ionally recognized statistical ratings organization.  
Certification by the CBI is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities, and such certification may be 
subject to revision or withdrawal, including, without limitation, in the event that the SFP UC’s future capital 
expenditures from the proceeds of the 2017 Sub -Series D Bonds  or the 2017 Sub -Series G Bonds vary from the 
anticipated expenditures reviewed by the CBI.  The SFPUC will undertake reasonable efforts to ensure that any 
adjustment of capital expenditures or other actions taken with respect to the 2017 Sub -Series D Bonds and the 2017 
Sub-Series G Bonds will not result in revision or withdrawal of the CBI’s certification; however, there can be no 
guarantee that such adjustment or other action or a future revision to the CBI’s criteria for certifying bonds will not 
result in a withdrawal or revision of the CBI’s certification. 
The Indenture does not restrict the use of proceeds of future issuances of Bonds to the financing of Green 
Projects and in the future the SFPUC may issue Additional Bonds which are not designated as Green Bonds or 
certified by the CBI. 
The repayment obligations of the SFPUC with respect to the 2017 Sub -Series D Bonds and the 2017 Sub -
Series G Bonds are not conditioned on th e completion of any particular project or the satisfaction of any condition 
relating to the status of the 2017 Sub -Series D Bonds  or the 2017 Sub -Series G Bonds  as Green Bonds or the 
certification of such bonds by the CBI. See “SECURITY FOR THE BONDS.”  
13