Green Bonds) (the “Series 2018F Bonds” and, together with the Series 2018A Bonds, Series 2018B Bonds, 
Series 2018C Bonds, Series 2018D Bonds and Series 2018E Bonds, the “Bonds”), pursuant to a Certificate of the 
Director of Budget and Fiscal S ervices of the City dated August  15, 2018 (the “Certificate”), and bond authorizing 
ordinances and a resolution adopted by the City Council and ide ntified in the Certificate (the “Bond Proceedings”).  
Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Certificate. 
In such connection, we have reviewed the Bond Proceedings, the Certificate, the Tax Certificate of the City, dated 
the date hereof (the “Tax Certificate”), an opinion of the Corporation Counsel of the City, certificates of the City and 
others, and such other documents, opinions and matters to the extent we deemed necessary to render the opinions set 
forth herein. 
The opinions expressed herein are based on an analysis of existing laws, regulations, rulings and court decisions and 
cover certain matters not directly addressed by such authoritie s.  Such opinions may be affected by actions taken or 
omitted or events occurring after the date hereof.  We have not  undertaken to determine, or to inform any person, 
whether any such actions are taken or omitted or events do occur or any other matters come to our attention after the 
date hereof.  Accordingly, this letter speaks only as of its date and is not intended to, and may not, be relied upon or 
otherwise used in connection with any such actions, events or m atters.  We disclaim any obligation to update this 
letter.  We have assumed the genuineness of all documents and signatures presented to us (whether as originals or as 
copies) and the due and legal execution and delivery thereof by, and validity against, any parties other than the City.  
We have assumed, without undertaking to verify, the accuracy of  the factual matters represented, warranted or 
c e r t i f i e d  i n  t h e  d o c u m e n t s ,  a n d  o f  t h e  l e g a l  c o n c l u s i o n s  c o n t a ined in the opinions, referred to in the second 
paragraph hereof.  Furthermore, we have assumed compliance with  all covenants and agreements contained in the 
Bond Proceedings, the Certificate and the Tax Certificate, incl uding (without limitation) covenants and agreements 
compliance with which is necessary to assure that future action s, omissions or events will not cause interest on the 
Series 2018A Bonds and the Series 2018B Bonds to be included in  gross income for federal income tax purposes.  
We call attention to the fact that the rights and obligations u nder the Bonds, the Bond Proceedings, the Certificate 
and the Tax Certificate and their enforceability may be subject  to bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership, 
B-1 
  
reorganization, arrangement, fraudulent conveyance, moratorium and other laws relating to or affecting creditors’ 
rights, to the application of equitable principles, to the exer cise of judicial discretion in appropriate cases, and to the 
limitations on legal remedies against counties in the State of Hawaii.  We express no opinion with respect to any 
indemnification, contribution, liquidated damages, penalty (inc luding any remedy deemed to constitute a penalty), 
right of set-off, arbitration, choice of law, choice of forum, choice of venue, non-exclusivity of remedies, waiver or 
severability provisions contained in the documents described in  the second paragraph hereof.  Our services did not 
include financial or other non-legal advice.  Finally, we under take no responsibility for the accuracy, completeness 
or fairness of the Official Stat ement or other offering materia l relating to the Bonds and express no opinion with 
respect thereto. 
Based on and subject to the foregoing, and in reliance thereon,  a s  o f  t h e  d a t e  h e r e o f ,  w e  a r e  o f  t h e  f o l l o w i n g  
opinions: 
1. The Bonds constitute the valid and binding general obligatio ns of the City. 
2. The Certificate has been dul y executed and delivered by the Director of Budget and Fiscal Services; and the 
Certificate constitutes the valid and binding obligation of the City. 
3. Under the Act, the City is obligated to levy ad valorem taxe s, without limitation as to rate or amount, for 
the payment of the Bonds and the interest thereon, upon all the  real property within the City subject to taxation by 
the City. 
4. Interest on the Series 2018A Bonds and the Series 2018B Bond s is excluded from gross income for federal 
income tax purposes under Sectio n 103 of the Internal Revenue C ode of 1986, and the Bonds and the income 
therefrom are exempt from all taxation by the State of Hawaii o r any county or other political subdivision thereof, 
except inheritance, transfer, est ate and certain franchise taxe s.  Interest on the Series 2018A Bonds and the Series 
2018B Bonds is not a specific pr eference item for purposes of the federal alternative minimum tax.  Interest on the 
Series 2018C Bonds, the Series 2018D, the Series 2018E and the Series 2018F Bonds is not excludable from gross 
income for federal income tax pu rposes.  We express no opinion regarding other tax consequences related to the 
ownership or disposition of, or the amount, accrual or receipt of interest on, the Bonds. 
Faithfully yours,