GREEN BONDS DESIGNATION AND CLIMATE CERTIFICATION 
The 2018 Series A Bonds and the 2018 Series C Bonds are being d esignated by the SFPUC as “ Green 
Bonds.” The purpose of designating the offered bonds as “Green Bonds ” is to allow investors to invest directly in 
bonds which finance environmentally beneficial projects (“ Green Projects”). For purposes of such determination, 
the SFPUC considers the projects included in the SSIP to be Gre en Projects. See “PLAN OF FINANCE,” 
“ESTIMATED SOURCES AND USES OF FUNDS,” and “SEWER SYSTEM IMPROV EMENT PROGRAM.” 
The 2018 Series A Bonds and the 2018 Series C Bonds will not co nstitute “exempt facility bonds” issued to finance 
“qualified green building and sustainable design projects” within the meaning of Section 142(1) of the Code.  
The Climate Bonds Initiative (the “ CBI”) is an international, investor-focused non-profit organizatio n 
working to focus the global bond market on climate change solut ions through the development and promotion of an 
efficient green bond market. The CBI has established and manage s the Climate Bonds Standard (the “ Climate 
Bonds Standard”) under which the 2018 Series A Bonds and the 2018 Series C Bo nds have been certified. All of 
the projects funded by the 2018 Series A Bonds and the 2018 Ser ies C Bonds have been certified under the Climate 
Bonds Standard Water Sector Crite ria. The certification of the 2018 Series A Bonds and the 2018 Series C Bonds 
reflects only the views of the third-party verifier report appr oved by the Climate Bonds Standard Board. The 
explanation of the significance of this certification may be obtained from the CBI. The SFPUC has provided a third-
party verified report to the Climate Bonds Standard Board, including information concerning prior and anticipated 
capital project expenditures related to the SSIP (some of which  does not appear in this Official Statement). As part 
of the certification process, the SFPUC retained Sustainalytics  U.S., Inc., a subsidiary of Sustainalytics Holding, 
B.V, Netherlands (collectively, “Sustainalytics”), to provide a third-party verification that the 2018 Series A Bonds 
and the 2018 Series C Bonds are aligned with the Climate Bonds Standard.   
 1 2  
 The certification of the 2018 Series A Bonds and the 2018 Seri es C Bonds as “Climate Bonds” by the CBI 
is based solely on the Climate Bonds Standard and does not, and  is not intended to make any representation or give 
any assurance with respect to any other matter relating to the 2018 Series A Bonds, the 2018 Series C Bonds or any 
SSIP project, including but not limited to this Official Statement, the transaction documents, the SFPUC or the 
management of the SFPUC. 
The certification of the 2018 Series A Bonds and the 2018 Series C Bonds by the CBI was addressed solely 
to the SFPUC and is not a recommendation to any person to purch ase, hold or sell the 2018 Series A Bonds or the 
2018 Series C Bonds and such certification does not address the  market price or suitability of the 2018 Series A 
Bonds or the 2018 Series C Bonds for a particular investor. The  certification also does not address the merits of the 
decision by the SFPUC or any third party to participate in any SSIP Green Project and does not express and should 
not be deemed to be an expression of an opinion as to the SFPUC  or any aspect of any SSIP project (including but 
not limited to the financial viability of any SSIP Green Projec t) other than with respect to conformance with the 
Climate Bonds Standard. 
In issuing or monitoring, as applicable, the certification, the  CBI has assumed and relied upon and will 
assume and rely upon the accuracy and completeness in all mater ial respects of the information supplied or 
otherwise made available to the CBI. The CBI does not assume or  accept any responsibility to any person for 
independently verifying (and it has not verified) such informat ion or to undertake (and it has not undertaken) any 
independent evaluation of any SSIP Green Project or the SFPUC. In addition, the CBI does not assume any 
obligation to conduct (and it has not conducted) any physical i nspection of a SSIP Green Project. The certification 
may only be used with the 2018 Series A Bonds and the 2018 Seri es C Bonds and may not be used for any other 
purpose without the CBI’s prior written consent. 
The certification does not and is not in any way intended to ad dress the likelihood of timely payment of 
interest when due on the 2018 Series A Bonds, the 2018 Series C  Bonds and/or the payment of principal at maturity 
or any other date.  
The certification may be withdrawn at any time in the CBI’s sol e and absolute discretion and there can be 
no assurance that such certification will not be withdrawn. 
The CBI is not a licensed broker-dealer or a nationally recogni zed statistical ratings organization. 
Certification by the CBI is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities, and such certification may be 
subject to revision or withdrawal, including, without limitatio n, in the event that the SFPUC’s future capital 
expenditures from the proceeds of the 2018 Series A Bonds or th e 2018 Series C Bonds vary  from the anticipated 
expenditures reviewed by the CBI . The SFPUC will undertake reas onable efforts to ensure that any adjustment of 
capital expenditures or other actions taken with respect to the  2018 Series A Bonds and the 2018 Series C Bonds 
will not result in revision or w ithdrawal of the CBI’s certific ation; however, there can be no guarantee that such 
adjustment or other action or a future revision to the CBI’s cr iteria for certifying bonds will not result in a 
withdrawal or revision of the CBI’s certification. The SFPUC expects to post information reflecting the expenditure 
of the proceeds of the 2018 Series A Bonds and the 2018 Series C Bonds on its website. 
The 2018 Series B Bonds are not being designated as “Green Bond s.” The Indenture does not restrict the 
use of proceeds of future issuances of Bonds to the financing o f Green Projects and in the future the SFPUC may 
issue Additional Bonds which are not designated as Green Bonds or certified by the CBI. 
The repayment obligations of the SFPUC with respect to the 2018  Series A Bonds and the 2018 Series C 
Bonds are not conditioned on the completion of any particular p roject or the satisfaction of any condition relating to 
the status of the 2018 Series A Bonds, the 2018 Series C Bonds or the certification of such bonds by the CBI. The 
SFPUC assumes no obligation to ensure compliance with any legal  or other principles of Green Bonds, as such 
principles may evolve over time. See “SECURITY FOR THE BONDS.”  
 1 3