Green Bonds)
Ladies and Gentlemen:
We have acted as bond counsel to the City of Santa Fe, New Mexico (the “City”) in connection
with the issuance and sale of its $13,550,000 Net Wastewater Utility System / Environmental Services
Gross Receipts Tax Improvement Revenue Bonds, Series 2019 (the “Bonds”). The Bonds are issued
pursuant to the Constitution and laws of the State of New Mexico (the “State”) and Ordinance No. 2019-
02, adopted on January 30, 2019 (the “Bond Ordinance”). Except as expressly defined herein, capitalized
terms used herein have the same meanings as such terms have in the Bond Ordinance.
We have examined the laws of the State and the United States of America relevant to the opinions
herein, and other proceedings and documents relevant to the issuance by the City of the Bonds. As to the
questions of fact material to our opinion, we have relied upon representations of the City contained in the
certified proceedings and other certifications furnished to us, without undertaking to verify the same by
independent investigation.
Based upon the foregoing, and subject to the assumptions and qualifications set forth below, we
are of the opinion that, under existing law on the date of this opinion:
1. The Bonds are valid and binding special, limited obligations of the City under and in
accordance with the Bond Ordinance.
2. The Bond Ordinance has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the City and
the provisions of the Bond Ordinance are valid and binding on the City.
3. The Bonds are payable as to principal, interest and any prior redemption premium, solely
from, and are secured by a pledge (but not an exclusive pledge) of Pledged Revenues of the City, as more
fully described in the Bond Ordinance. The owners of the Bonds have no right to have taxes levied by the
City for the payment of principal, interest and any prior redemption premium on the Bonds and the Bonds
do not represent or constitute a debt or pledge of, or a charge against, the general credit of the City.
4. The Bond Ordinance creates the lien on the Pledged Revenues that it purports to create.
5. Under existing laws, regulations, rulings and judicial decisions, interest on the Bonds is
excludable from gross income for federal income tax purposes. We are also of the opinion that interest on
the Bonds is not an item of tax preference for purposes of calculating the alternative minimum tax
imposed on individuals under provisions contained in the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amendedB-2
(the “Code”). Although we are of the opinion that interest on the Bonds is excludable from gross income
for federal income tax purposes, the accrual or receipt of interest on the Bonds may otherwise affect the
federal income tax liability of the recipient. The extent of these other tax consequences will depend upon
the recipient’s particular tax status or other items of income or deduction. We express no opinion
regarding any such consequences
6. The Bonds and the income from the Bonds are exempt from all taxation by the State or
any political subdivision of the State.
The opinions set forth above in paragraph 5 are subject to continuing compliance by the City with
covenants regarding federal tax law contained in the proceedings and other documents relevant to the
issuance by the City of the Bonds. Failure to comply with these covenants may result in interest on the
Bonds being included in gross income retroactive to their date of issuance.
The opinions expressed herein are based upon existing law as of the date of issuance and delivery
of the Bonds. We express no opinion as of any date subsequent hereto, and our engagement with respect
to the Bonds has concluded with their issuance. We disclaim any obligation to update this opinion.
The obligations of the City related to the Bonds are subject to the reasonable exercise in the
future by the State and its governmental bodies of the police power inherent in the sovereignty of the
State and to the exercise by the United States of the powers (including bankruptcy powers) delegated to it
by the United States Constitution. The obligations of the City and the security provided therefor, as
contained in the Bond Ordinance, may be subject to general principles of equity which permit the exercise
of judicial discretion and are subject to the provisions of applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, moratorium or similar laws relating to or affecting the enforcement of creditors’ rights
generally, now or hereafter in effect.
The foregoing opinions represent our legal judgment based upon a review of existing legal
authorities as of the date of issuance and delivery of the Bonds that we deem relevant to render such
opinions and are not a guarantee of result. We express no opinion with respect to any pending legislation.
As bond counsel, we are passing upon only those matters set forth in this opinion and are not
passing upon the accuracy or completeness of any statement made in connection with any sale of the
Bonds or upon any tax consequences arising from the receipt or accrual of interest on, or the ownership
of, the Bonds except those specifically addressed in Paragraphs 5 and 6 above.
Respectfully submitted,C-1