Green Bonds designation.   
The proceeds from the 2019 Bonds will be used to  refund the Refunded Bonds.  The proceeds of 
the Refunded Bonds were used finance Green Project s consisting of various capital improvements to the 
City’s Water System, all of which have been constr ucted and completed.  No  additional reporting on or 
monitoring of the status of the Green Projects is anticipated.  
The term “Green Bonds” is neither defined in nor related to the 2019 Indenture or the 2019 
Installment Purchase Contract.  The use of the term in this Official Statement is solely for identification 
purposes and is not intended to provide or imply th at any owner of any 2019 Bond is entitled to any 
security other than as provided in the 2019 Indenture. 
The repayment obligation of the Authority with respect to the 2019 Bonds is not conditioned on 
the satisfaction of any certification relating to the status of the 2019 Bonds as Green Bonds.  See 
“S
ECURITY AND SOURCES OF PAYMENT FOR THE 2019 BONDS.” 
 
SECURITY AND SOURCES OF PAYMENT FOR THE 2019 BONDS 
Pledge of Net System Revenues 
The 2019 Bonds are limited obligations of the Authority issued under and pursuant to the 
2019 Indenture, payable solely from the 2019 Insta llment Payments to be made by the City under 
the 2019 Installment Purchase Contract and certai n amounts held under the 2019 Indenture.  The 
obligation of the City to make 2019 Installment Payments constitutes a special obligation of the City 
payable solely from a pledge of the “Net System Revenues.” 
The City may issue or incur additional obligations secured by and payable from Net System 
Revenues on a parity with the 2019 Installment Payments and other Parity Obligations.  See “–Issuance of 
Parity Obligations.” 
“Net System Revenues ” means, for any period, the System Revenues during such period less the 
Operation and Maintenance Costs during such period. 
“Operation and Maintenance Costs ” means the reasonable and necessary costs paid or incurred 
by the City for maintaining and operating the Wate r System, determined in accordance with Generally 
Accepted Accounting Principles, including all costs of water or capacity purchased or otherwise acquired 
for the Water System whether or not such water or cap acity is delivered or capable of being delivered or 
otherwise made available to or received by or for the account of the Water System and all costs of treating 
water for the Water System and all expenses necessar y to maintain and preserve the Water System in 
good repair and working order and including all admini strative and management costs of the City that are 
charged directly or apportioned to the operation of  the Water System, such as salaries and wages of 
employees, overhead, taxes (if any) a nd insurance premiums (including payments required to be paid into 
any self-insurance funds), and including all other reas onable and necessary costs of the City or charges  
10 
required to be paid by it to comply with the terms of the 2019 Installment Purchase Contract or of any 
Parity Obligations, but excluding in all cases (i) de preciation, replacement and obsolescence charges or 
reserves therefor, (ii) amortization of intangibles,  (iii) costs of capital additions, replacements, 
betterments, extensions or improvements to th e Water System which under Generally Accepted 
Accounting Principles are chargeable to a capital acc ount, and (iv) charges for the payment of principal 
and interest on any debt service on account of any Pa rity Obligation or obligation subordinate to the 
Parity Obligations. 
“Parity Obligations” means the 2018 Installment Payments, the 2019 Installment Payments and 
any other obligation (including, but not limited to, any installment payment obligation) payable on a 
parity with the 2018 Installment Payments and the 2019 Installment Payments from Net System 
Revenues, as provided in the 2019 Installment Purc hase Contract and the regularly scheduled payments 
under any Payment Agreement which have been designa ted by the City as a “Parity Obligation” in a 
Payment Agreement. 
“Payment Agreement” means a written agreement for the purpose of managing or reducing the 
City’s exposure to fluctuations in in terest rates or for any other interest  rate, investment, asset or liability 
managing purposes, entered into either on a current or  forward basis by the City as authorized under any 
applicable laws of the State in connection with, or incidental to, the entering into of any Parity Obligation, 
that provides for an exchange of payments based on interest rates, ceilings or floors on such payments, 
options on such payments or any combination thereof, or any similar device. 
“System Revenues,” means all gross income and revenue received or receivable by the City from 
the ownership or operation of the Water System, determined in accordance with Generally Accepted 
Accounting Principles, including all fees, rates, charges and amounts paid under any contracts received by 
or owed to the City in connection with the operatio n of the Water System and all proceeds of insurance 
relating to the Water System and all other income and revenue howsoever deri ved by the City from the 
ownership or operation of the Water System.  
THE 2019 BONDS ARE LIMITED OBLIGATIONS OF THE AUTHORITY PAYABLE 
SOLELY FROM 2019 INSTALLMENT PAYMENTS MADE BY THE CITY AND CERTAIN 
MONEYS HELD UNDER THE 2019 INDENTURE.  THE 2019 BONDS ARE NOT A DEBT OF THE