GREEN BONDS DESIGNATION AND CLIMATE CERTIFICATION 
The 2016 Series A Bonds are being designated by the SFPUC as “Green Bonds.” The purpose of 
designating the offered bonds as “Green Bonds” is to a llow investors to invest directly in bonds which finance 
environmentally beneficial projects (“Green Projects”).  For purposes of such determination, the SFPUC considers 
the projects set forth in Appendix F to this Official St atement to be Green Project s. See “PLAN OF FINANCE,” 
“ESTIMATED SOURCES AND USES OF FUNDS,” “APPENDIX F – ANTICIPA TED 2016 SERIES A 
PROJECTS,” and “SEWER SYSTEM  IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM.”  The 2016 Series A Bonds will not 
constitute “exempt facility bonds” issued to finance “q ualified green building and sustainable design projects” 
within the meaning of Section 142(1) of the Code.   
In addition, the Climate Bonds Standards Board (the “C limate Board”), an advisory board reporting to the 
Climate Bonds Initiative, a charity registered in England and Wales, has certified the 2016 Series A Bonds.  The 
certification of the 2016 Series A Bond s reflects only the views of the Clim ate Board.  The explanation of the 
significance of this certification may be obtained from th e Climate Board, which has base d its certification upon its 
own investigations, studies, assumptions and criteria.  The SFPUC has pr ovided certain additional information and 
materials to the Climate Board, includ ing information concerning anticipated capital project expenditures (some of 
which does not appear in this Offici al Statement).  As part of the cer tification process, the SFPUC retained 
Sustainalytics U.S., Inc., a subsidiary of Sustainalytics Holding, B.V, Netherlands (collectively, “Sustainalytics”), to 
provide third-party analysis and its opinion regarding, among other things, the SFPUC’s green bond framework and 
the compatibility of the SFPUC’s financing and refinancin g of the projects listed in Appendix F with draft Water 
Climate Bonds Standards.  The SFPUC ex pects that Sustainalytics will make its  report and opinion relating to the  
 9 
2016 Series A Bonds available on its website at: http ://www.sustainalytics.com/sustainability-bond-services.  
However, neither Sustainalytics’s report nor its opinion, nor any other information contained on Sustainalytics’s 
website, are incorporated by reference herein and th e SFPUC assumes no responsibility for the accuracy or 
completeness thereof.   
The Climate Board is not a licensed broker-dealer or a nationally recognized statistical ratings organization.  
Certification by the Climate Board is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold secur ities, and such certification 
may be subject to revision or withdrawal, including, withou t limitation, in the event that the SFPUC’s future capital 
expenditures from the proceeds of the 2016 Series A Bonds vary from the anticipated expenditures reviewed by the 
Climate Board.  The SFPUC will undertak e reasonable efforts to ensure that any adjustment of capital expenditures 
or other actions taken with respect to the 2016 Series A Bonds will not result in revi sion or withdrawal of the 
Climate Board’s certification; however, th ere can be no guarantee th at such adjustment or other action or a future 
revision to the Climate Bonds Initiative’s criteria for certifyi ng bonds will not result in a withdrawal or revision of 
the Climate Board’s certification.  Th e SFPUC expects to post information respecting the expenditure of the 
proceeds of the 2016 Series A Bonds on its website. 
The 2016 Series B Bonds are not being designated as “Green Bonds.”  The Indenture does not restrict the 
use of proceeds of future issuances of Bonds to the financing of Green Projects and in the future the SFPUC may 
issue Additional Bonds which are not designated as Green Bonds or certified by the Climate Board.   
The repayment obligations of the SFPUC with respect to the 2016 Series AB Bonds are not conditioned on 
the completion of any particular project or the satisfaction of any condition relating to the status of the 2016 Series 
A Bonds as Green Bonds or the certification of such bonds by the Climate Board.  See “Security for the Bonds.”