GREEN BONDS DESIGNATION AND CLIMATE CERTIFICATION 
The 2016 Series C Bonds are being designated by the SFPUC as “Green Bonds.” The purpose of 
designating the offered bonds as “Green Bonds” is to allow inve stors to invest directly in bonds which finance 
environmentally beneficial projects (“Green Projects”).  For purposes of such determination, the SFPUC considers 
the projects included in the WSI P to be Green Projects.  The pr oceeds of the Refunded Commercial Paper Notes 
were and the proceeds of the 2016 Series C Bonds will be applie d to finance and refinan ce WSIP projects.  See 
“PLAN OF FINANCE,” “ESTIMATED S OURCES AND USES OF FUNDS,” “APPE N D I X  C  –  W A T E R  
SYSTEM IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM.”  The 2016 Series C Bonds will not constitute “exempt facility bonds” 
issued to finance “qualified green building and sustainable des ign projects” within the meaning of Section 142(1) of 
the Code.   
The Climate Bonds Initiative (the “ CBI”) is an international, investor-focused non-profit organizatio n 
working to focus the global bond market on climate change solut ions through the development and promotion of an 
efficient “green” bond market.  The CBI has established and man ages the Climate Bonds Standard (the “ Climate  
 7  
 
Bonds Standard” )  u n d e r  w h i c h  t h e  S e r i e s  2 0 1 6  C  B o n d s  h a v e  b e e n  c e r t i f i e d ,  i n  accordance with the “Water 
Criteria” under the Climate Bonds Standard.  The certification of the 2016 Series C Bonds reflects only the views of 
the CBI.  The explanation of the significance of this certifica tion may be obtained from the CBI.  The SFPUC has 
provided certain information and  materials to the CBI, includin g information concerning prior and anticipated 
capital project expenditures related to the WSIP (some of which does not appear in this Official Statement).  As part 
of the certification process, the SFPUC retained Sustainalytics  U.S., Inc., a subsidiary of Sustainalytics Holding, 
B.V, Netherlands (collectively, “Sustainalytics”), to provide a verification that the 2016 Series C Bonds are aligned 
with the Climate Bonds Standard.  
The certification of the 2016 Series C Bonds as Climate Bonds by the CBI is based solely on the Climate 
Bond Standard and does not, and is not intended to make any rep resentation or give any assurance with respect to 
any other matter relating to the 2016 Series C Bonds or any WSI P project, including but not limited to this Official 
Statement, the transaction documents, the SFPUC or the management of the SFPUC. 
The certification of the 2016 Series C Bonds as Climate Bonds b y the CBI was addressed solely to the 
Commission and is not a recommendation to any person to purchas e, hold or sell the 2016 Series C Bonds and such 
certification does not address the market price or suitability of the 2016 Series C Bonds for a particular investor.  
The certification also does not address the merits of the decis ion by the SFPUC or any third party to participate in 
any WSIP project and does not express and should not be deemed to an expression of an opinion as to the SFPUC or 
any aspect of any WSIP project (including but not limited to th e financial viability of any WSIP project) other than 
with respect to conformance with the Climate Bond Standard. 
In issuing or monitoring, as applicable, the certification, the  CBI has assumed and relied upon and will 
assume and rely upon the accuracy and completeness in all mater ial respects of the information supplied or 
otherwise made available to the CBI.  The CBI does not assume o r accept any responsibility to any person for 
independently verifying (and it has not verified) such informat ion or to undertake (and it has not undertaken) any 
independent evaluation of any WSIP project or the SFPUC.  In ad dition, the CBI does not assume any obligation to 
conduct (and it has not conducted) any physical inspection of a WSIP project.  The certification may only be used 
with the 2016 Series C Bonds and may not be used for any other purpose without the CBI’s prior written consent. 
The certification does not and is not in any way intended to ad dress the likelihood of timely payment of 
interest when due on the 2016 Series C Bonds and/or the payment of principal at maturity or any other date. 
The certification may be withdrawn at any time in the CBI’s sol e and absolute discretion and there can be 
no assurance that such certification will not be withdrawn. 
The CBI is not a licensed broker-dealer or a nationally recogni zed statistical ratings organization.  
Certification by the CBI is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities, and such certification may be 
subject to revision or withdrawal, including, without limitatio n, in the event that the SFPUC’s future capital 
expenditures from the proceeds of the 2016 Series C Bonds vary from the anticipated expenditures reviewed by the 
CBI.  The SFPUC will undertake reasonable efforts to ensure tha t any adjustment of capital expenditures or other 
actions taken with respect to the 2016 Series C Bonds will not result in revision or withdrawal of the CBI’s 
certification; however, there can  be no guarantee that such adj ustment or other action or a future revision to the 
CBI’s criteria for certifying bonds will not result in a withdrawal or revision of the CBI’s certification. 
The Indenture does not restrict the use of proceeds of future i ssuances of Bonds to the financing of Green 
Projects and in the future the SFPUC may issue Additional Bonds  which are not designated as Green Bonds or 
certified by the CBI. 
The repayment obligations of the SFPUC with respect to the 2016  Series C Bonds are not conditioned on 
the completion of any particular project or the satisfaction of any condition relating to the status of the 2016 Series C 
Bonds as Green Bonds or the certification of such bonds by the CBI.  See “SECURITY FOR THE BONDS.”  
 8