Green Bonds – Lighting Efficiency Projects) 
(the “Bonds”). 
Section 1.  Purpose of Certificate.  This Certificate is being executed and delivered 
by the City for the benefit of the Bondowners and to assist the underwriter(s) of the Bonds in 
complying with paragraph (b)(5) of the Securities and Exchange Commission Rule 15c2-12 
(17 C.F.R. § 240.15c2-12) as amended, (the “Rule”).  This Certificate constitutes the City’s written 
undertaking for the benefit of the Bondowners as required by Section (b)(5) of the Rule. 
Section 2.  Definitions.  Unless the context otherwise requires, the terms defined in 
this Section shall, for purposes of this Certificate, have the meanings herein specified.  
“Beneficial Owner” means any person who has the power, directly or indirectly, 
to vote or consent with respect to, or to dispose of ownership of, any Bonds, including persons 
holding Bonds through nominees or depositories.  
“Bondowners” means the registered owners of the Bonds, as shown on the bond 
register maintained by the paying agent for the Bonds, and any Beneficial Owners. 
“Commission” means the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
“EMMA” means the Electronic Municipal Market Access system for municipal 
securities disclosure established by the MSRB and accessible at http://emma.msrb.org/. 
“MSRB” means the Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board or any successor to 
its functions. 
“Official Statement” means the final official statement for the Bonds dated 
November 17, 2016. 
“Rule” means the Commission’s Rule 15c2-12 under the Securities Exchange Act 
of 1934, as the same may be amended from time to time. 
Section 3.  Financial Information. The City agrees to provide or cause to be provided 
to the MSRB, the following annual financial information and operating data: 
A. The City’s previous fiscal year annual financial statements 
prepared in accordance with the Oregon Local Budget Law (or any successor statute) and 
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles so prescribed by the 
Governmental Accounting Standards Board (or its successors); and 
B. To the extent not included in those annual financial statements, 
historical financial information and operating data generally of the type included in the  
Page 2 - Continuing Disclosure Certificate 
2723629.3 041203  AGMT 
Official Statement under the heading “Annual Disclosure Information” and of the type 
presented in Table 2 of the Official Statement.  
Section 4.  Timing.  The information described in Section 3 above shall be 
provided by the City for each of its fiscal years in which the Bonds are outstanding.  The City 
shall provide that information not later than nine months after the end of each fiscal year, 
commencing no later than March 31, 2017, for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016.  The 
information described in Section 3 shall be provided in the form of audited financial statements 
if they are then available, and otherwise shall be provided in the form of unaudited financial 
statements.  If the information described in Section 3 is initially provided in the form of 
unaudited financial statements, the City shall provide audited financial statements promptly after 
they become publicly available.  The City's current fiscal year ends June 30.  The City may 
adjust its fiscal year by providing written notice of the change of fiscal year to the MSRB.  In 
lieu of separately stating such annual financial information and operating data, the City may 
cross-reference to other documents provided to the MSRB. 
Section 5.  Material Events.  The City agrees to provide or cause to be provided to 
the MSRB in a timely manner not in excess of ten business days after the occurrence of the 
event, notice of any of the following events with respect to the Bonds: 
(a) Principal and interest payment delinquencies; 
(b) Non-payment related defaults, if material; 
(c) Unscheduled draws on debt service reserves reflecting financial difficulties; 
(d) Unscheduled draws on credit enhancements reflecting financial difficulties; 
(e) Substitution of credit or liquidity providers or their failure to perform; 
(f) Adverse tax opinions, the issuance by the Internal Revenue Service of 
proposed or final determinations of taxability, Notices of Proposed Issue (IRS Form 5701-
TEB) or other material notices or determinations with respect to the tax status of the 
security, or other material events affecting the tax status of the security; 
(g) Modifications to the rights of security holders, if material; 
(h) Bond calls, if material, and tender offers; 
(i) Defeasances; 
(j) Release, substitution or sale of property securing repayment of the securities, 
if material; 
(k) Rating changes; 
(l) Bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar event of the obligated 
person; (Note: For the purposes of the event identified in this paragraph (l), the event is 
considered to occur when any of the following occur: The appointment of a receiver, fiscal 
agent or similar officer for an obligated person in a proceeding under the United States 
Bankruptcy Code or in any other proceeding under state or federal law in which a court or 
governmental authority has assumed jurisdiction over substantially all of the assets or 
business of the obligated person, or if such jurisdiction has been assumed by leaving the 
existing governing body and officials or officers in possession but subject to the supervision  
Page 3 - Continuing Disclosure Certificate 
2723629.3 041203  AGMT 
and orders of a court or governmental authority, or the entry of an order confirming a plan 
of reorganization, arrangement or liquidation by a court or governmental authority having 
supervision or jurisdiction over substantially all of the assets or business of the obligated 
person.); 
(m) The consummation of a merger, consolidation, or acquisition involving an 
obligated person or the sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the obligated person, 
other than in the ordinary course of business, the entry into a definitive agreement to 
undertake such an action or the termination of a definitive agreement relating to any such 
actions, other than pursuant to its terms, if material; 
(n) Appointment of a successor or additional trustee or the change of name of a 
trustee, if material. 
The City may from time to time choose to provide notice of the occurrence of certain 
other events, in addition to those listed above, if, in the judgment of the City, such other event is 
material with respect to the Bonds, but the City does not undertake any commitment to provide 
such notice of any event except those events listed above. 
Section 6. Failure to File Annual Financial Information.  The City agrees to 
provide or cause to be provided, in a timely manner, to the MSRB, notice of a failure by the City to 
provide the annual financial information described in Section 3 above on or prior to the time set 
forth in Section 3. 
Section 7.  Termination.  The City’s obligation to provide notices of material events 
shall terminate upon the legal defeasance, prior redemption or payment in full of all of the Bonds.  
This Certificate, or any provision hereof, shall be null and void if the City (a) obtains an opinion of 
nationally recognized bond counsel to the effect that those portions of the Rule which require this 
Certificate, or any provision hereof, are invalid, have been repealed retroactively or otherwise do not 
apply to the Bonds; and (b) notifies the MSRB of such opinion and the termination of its obligations 
under this Certificate. 
Section 8.  Amendment.  Notwithstanding any other provision of this Certificate, the 
City may amend this Certificate provided that the following conditions are satisfied:  
A. If the amendment relates to the provisions of Section 3 or Section 5 of this 
Certificate, it may only be made in connection with a change in circumstances that arises 
from a change in legal requirements, change in law, or chan