GREEN BOND DESIGNATION 
General 
The proceeds of the Bonds will be used for “elig ible Green Projects” within the meaning of the 
Green Bond Principles of the International Capital Ma rkets Association, specifically within the category 
of pollution prevention and control, including waste recycling and waste reduction. At least 90% of the 
net proceeds of the Bonds, after deducting costs of issu ance, are expected to be spent on Project Facilities 
focused on the handling, sorting, processing, treatment  and recycling of ferrous scrap metals which are 
the raw materials for the Company’s new metals recycling electric arc furnace (“ EAF”) at the Plant. The 
liquid steel which is produced in the EAF, will sub sequently be continuously cast into solid, round 
shapes, and then finally processed into seamless tubular products, so that end customers can convey liquid 
materials over long distances, safely and reliably. The solid rounds are not currently produced by the 
Company. The EAF facility, once completed, is expected to operate at a significantly higher scrap 
recycling rate and with significantly lower emissi ons of greenhouse gas compared to the Company’s 
existing fully integrated operations at the Plant.  Th is strategy is known as the Company’s “Best of Both” 
whereby the Company combines the benefits of inte grated blast furnace and basic oxygen process (BOP) 
steelmaking using iron ore and coal as common raw ma terials with those of the electric arc furnace 
steelmaking using scrap metal as raw material to produce an optimized suite of steel products, both 
tubular and sheet.  Currently, the Company reports a CO
2 intensity (both Scope 1 and Scope 2) of 2.4 ton 
CO2/ton raw steel, whereas the Company’s EAF facility of which the Project Facilities are a part will 
have a CO 2 intensity of 0.6 tons CO 2/ton raw steel.  In addition, the Company’s current average overall 
corporate recycling rate of steel scrap is approximately 20%-25%.  With this “Best of Both” EAF facility, 
the Company will have a significantly higher steel r ecycling rate of 80%-90%.  The Company expects 
that the new facility’s environmental performance will be consistent with these metrics once the start-up 
phase is completed, which will necessarily be a tr ansitional period with some lower efficiencies 
anticipated. 
 The purpose of designating the Bonds as “Green B onds” is to provide investors the opportunity to 
invest directly in bonds that are specifically targeted  to support such environmentally beneficial projects. DMEAST #42829301 v4 4 
Because the repayment obligation of the Company with respect to the Bonds is not conditioned on 
completion of the  Project Facilities, holders of the B onds do not assume any risk directly related to the 
Project Facilities. 
Process for Expenditure Evaluation and Selection 
The Company’s Treasury department, in consultatio n with its Environmental Affairs department, 
will select expenditures based on the eligibility criteria set forth in “Eligible Green Expenditures” above. 
Management of Proceeds 
The payment of principal or redemption price and interest on the Bonds will be made from the 
Company's general funds and will not be directly linked to the performance of any eligible Green 
Projects. 
Reporting 
The Company has agreed in the Ag reement to annually, not later th an 180 days after the close of 
the Company’s fiscal year commencing with the fiscal year ending December 31, 2021, deliver a 
certificate to the Trustee that includes a description of the costs of the Project Facilities funded with the 
Bonds and the amount of Bond proceeds so applied and stating to the effect that no changes have been 
made to the Project Facilities that would reasonably be expected to materially adversely affect the 
environmental benefits of the Project Facilities. Such certificate also will be posted to the Electronic 
Municipal Market Access (“EMMA”) website of th e Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board (“MSRB”) 
on an annual basis not later than 180 days after th e close of the Company's fiscal year commencing with 
the fiscal year ending December 31, 2021. Once the Company has spent all of the proceeds of the Bonds, 
it will submit a final certificate to the Trustee, which is to be posted on EMMA  that includes a statement 
that all of the proceeds of the Bonds have been spent. Thereafter, the Company will no longer be 
obligated to provide the certificate to the Trustee or  to post the certificate on EMMA.  The failure of the 
Company to comply, or to cause comp liance with, the requirements of its  obligations described in this 
paragraph, will not be considered an Event of Default under the Agreement or the Indenture. 
The Agreement will not require the Company to allocate amounts relating to this offering to eligible 
Green Projects or take the other actions as described under this heading. 
While it is the Company’s intention to allocate an amount equal to the proceeds of this offering to 
eligible Green Projects in the manner described above under this heading and to take the other actions as 
described hereunder, any failure to do so will not co nstitute an Event of Default under the Agreement nor 
require the Company to purchase or redeem any of the Bonds or make any additional payments to 
Holders or take or refrain from taking any particular action as a result thereof. Any failure to allocate 
amounts relating to this offering to eligible Green Projects, meet or continue to meet the investment 
requirements or aspirations of certain sustainability  focused investors, or take the other actions as 
described above under this heading may negatively affect the market price of the Bonds to the extent 
investors are required or choose to sell their holdings as a result of such failure.