Designation as Green Bonds 
The SFPUC is committed to providing retail drinking water servi ces to San Francisco and wholesale water 
to three Bay Area counties in a manner that values environmenta l and community interests, and sustains the 
resources entrusted to its care. The SFPUC maintains a Sustaina bility Plan and Program. This plan and program, 
among other sustainability-related information, are available a t www.sfwater.org/index.aspx?page=166. The 
information available on such website is not incorporated by reference into this Official Statement and should not be 
relied upon in making an investment in the 2020ABCD Bonds. 
The SFPUC is issuing the 2020A Bonds as “Green Bonds” based on the climate adaptation and/or 
mitigation benefits of the projects financed and refinanced by the 2020A Bonds. 
The purpose of designating the 2020A Bonds as Green Bonds is to allow investors to invest directly in 
bonds which finance environmentally beneficial projects (“ Green Projects”). For purposes of such determination, 
the SFPUC considers the projects included in its WSIP to be Green Projects. The proceeds of the 2020A Bonds will 
be applied to finance and refinan ce WSIP projects. See “PLAN OF  FINANCE,” “ESTIMATED SOURCES AND 
USES OF FUNDS”, and “CAPITAL IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM – Water System  Improvement Program 
(WSIP).” The 2020A Bonds will not constitute “exempt facility b onds” issued to finance “qualified green building 
and sustainable design projects” within the meaning of Section 142(a) of the Code. 
The 2020B Bonds, 2020C Bonds and 2020D Bonds are not being desi gnated as “Green Bonds.” The 
Indenture does not restrict the use of proceeds of future issuances of Bonds to the financing of Green Projects and in 
the future the SFPUC may issue Additional Bonds which are not d esignated as Green Bonds or certified by the 
Climate Bonds Initiative as further described herein.  
 1 1  
The Climate Bonds Initiative and Climate Bonds 
The Climate Bonds Initiative (the “ CBI”) is an international, investor-focused non-profit organizatio n 
working to focus the global bond market on climate change solut ions through the development and promotion of an 
efficient “green” bond market. The CBI has established and mana ges the Climate Bonds Standard (the “ Climate 
Bonds Standard”) under which the 2020A Bonds have been certified in accordanc e with the “Water Criteria” of 
such standard. The certification of the 2020A Bonds reflects on ly the views of the third-party verifier report 
approved by the Climate Bonds Standard Board. The explanation o f the significance of this certification may be 
obtained from the CBI. The SFPUC has provided a third-party ver ified report to the Climate Bonds Standard Board, 
including information concerning prior and anticipated capital project expenditures related to the WSIP (some of 
w h i c h  d o e s  n o t  a p p e a r  i n  t h i s  O f f i c i a l  S t a t e m e n t ) .  A s  p a r t  o f  the certification process, the SFPUC retained 
Sustainalytics U.S., In c., a subsidiary of Sustainalytics Holdi ng, B.V, Netherlands (collectively, “ Sustainalytics”), 
to provide a third-party verification that the 2020A Bonds are aligned with the Climate Bonds Standard.  
The certification of the 2020A Bonds as “Climate Bonds” by the CBI is based solely on the Climate Bonds 
Standard and does not, and is not intended to make any represen tation or give any assurance with respect to any 
other matter relating to the 2020A Bonds or any WSIP project, i ncluding but not limited to this Official Statement, 
the transaction documents, the SFPUC or the management of the SFPUC.  
The certification of the 2020A Bonds as “Climate Bonds” by the CBI was addressed solely to the SFPUC 
and is not a recommendation to any person to purchase, hold or sell the 2020A Bonds and such certification does not 
address the market price or suitability of the 2020A Bonds for a particular investor. The certification also does not 
address the merits of the decisi on by the SFPUC or any third pa rty to participate in any WSIP project and does not 
express and should not be deemed to be an expression of an opin ion as to the SFPUC or any aspect of any WSIP 
project (including but not limited to the financial viability o f any WSIP project) other than with respect to 
conformance with the Climate Bonds Standard. 
In issuing or monitoring, as applicable, the certification, the  CBI has assumed and relied upon and will 
assume and rely upon the accuracy and completeness in all mater ial respects of the information supplied or 
otherwise made available to the CBI. The CBI does not assume or  accept any responsibility to any person for 
independently verifying (and it has not verified) such informat ion or to undertake (and it has not undertaken) any 
independent evaluation of any WSIP project or the SFPUC. In add ition, the CBI does not assume any obligation to 
conduct (and it has not conducted) any physical inspection of a ny WSIP project. The certification may only be used 
with the 2020A Bonds and may not be used for any other purpose without the CBI’s prior written consent. 
The certification does not and is not in any way intended to ad dress the likelihood of timely payment of 
interest when due on the 2020A Bonds and/or the payment of principal at maturity or any other date.  
The certification may be withdrawn at any time in the CBI’s sol e and absolute discretion and there can be 
no assurance that such certification will not be withdrawn. 
The CBI is not a licensed broker-dealer or a nationally recogni zed statistical ratings organization. 
Certification by the CBI is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities, and such certification may be 
subject to revision or withdrawal. The SFPUC will undertake reasonable efforts to ensure that any actions taken with 
respect to the 2020A Bonds will not result in revision or withd rawal of the CBI’s certifi cation; however, there can 
be no guarantee future actions or a future revision to the CBI’ s criteria for certifying bonds will not result in a 
withdrawal or revision of the CBI’s certification. The proceeds  of the 2020A Bonds will finance and refinance 
WSIP projects and the SFPUC posts information of WSIP projects on its website. 
The repayment obligations of the SFPUC with respect to the 2020 A Bonds are not conditioned on the 
completion of any particular project or the satisfaction of any  condition relating to the status of the 2020A Bonds as 
Green Bonds or the certification of such bonds by the CBI. The SFPUC assumes no obligation to ensure compliance 
with any legal or other principles of Green Bonds, as such prin ciples may evolve over time. See “SECURITY FOR 
THE BONDS.”  
 1 2  
The terms “Climate Bond” and “green bonds” are neither defined in, nor related to the Indenture, and their 
use herein is for identification purposes only and is not inten ded to provide or imply that a holder of the 2020A 
Bonds is entitled to any additional security other than as prov ided in the Indenture. The SFPUC has no continuing 
legal obligation to maintain the Climate Bond certification of the 2020A Bonds. 
United Nations Sustainable Development Goals 
Impacts from WSIP projects fina nced by the SFPUC’s Green Bonds are also aligned with several United 
Nations Sustainable Development Goals (“UN SDG”). By reference to the International Capital Market Associatio n 
(“ICMA”) “Green and Social Bonds: A High-Level Mapping to the Sustain able Development Goals” (June 2019), 
the projects financed or refinanced by the 2020A Bonds primarily aim to address goals 6 (Clean Water and 
Sanitation), 9 (Industry, Innovation and Infrastructure), 11 (S ustainable Cities and Communities), 13 (Climate 
Action), 14 (Life Below Water) and 15 (Life on Land). 
As promulgated by the ICMA and m ost recently updated in June 20 18, the “Green Bond Principles” have 
four core components (Use of Proceeds, Process for Project