Green Bonds designation is the $887 .64 million Subway 
Extension, which is less than the total amount of the Series 2022 Bonds. 
All proceeds of the Series 2022 Bonds will refinance this project and pay 
costs of issuance. The Subway Extension is an eligible public transportation project as defined by the Green 
Bond Principles in the project category of Clean Transportation.   
The Subway Extension opened to the public in September 2015 and is designed to accommodate future 
growth in ridership. Construction of the 1.5 -mile extension began in 2007 and, while financed through the 
Corporation, conforms with MTA design criteria and system standards. The project is a cross- city electric-
powered line and includes space for train storage and a new station, the 34 Street Hudson Yards station. 
The station building has three floors, two entrances, 16 escalators, eight sets  of stairs, and is ADA 
accessible. Construction included use of Tunnel Boring Machine (“TBM”) technology to bore through bedrock.  
Environmental Impact 
Transportation accounts for 29% of greenhouse gas emissions in the U S and efficient, accessible public 
transportation systems are critical to transportation sector emission reductions. 1 The Subway Extension is 
integral to the sustainable urban design of Hudson Yards.  The Subway Extension only operates fully 
electrified passenger subway lines and has zero direct greenhouse gas emissions. 
Process for Project Evaluation and Selection 
Prioritization of the Subway Extension was identified in early stages of Hudson Yards revitalization planning. 
Development of Hudson Yards was initiated based on demand for office space and residential housing in the 
City. The area was recognized as “underutilized” by the City and the Department of City Planning identified 
key actions to catalyze further development. One of these actions included extension of the subway to 
support transit-oriented development. In September 2006, MTA and the City agreed upon an arrangement 
for financing and construction of the extension.  
Management of Proceeds 
Proceeds from the Series 2022 Bonds will solely be used to refund the outstanding Series 2012A Bonds and 
to pay costs of issuance. Proceeds will not be invested prior to the refunding. Upon closing, the Series 2022 
Bonds will be promptly applied to redeem the outstanding Series 2012A Bonds. 
Reporting 
The Corporation will submit annual continuing disclosures to the Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board 
(“MSRB”) through the Electronic Municipal Market Access (“EMMA”) system so long as the Series 2022 Bonds 
are outstanding. The Corporation and the City have not committed to providing additional use of proceeds 
reporting because all Series 2022 Bond proceeds applied promptly after closing to redeem the Series 2012A 
Bonds that financed the Subway Extension project, which has been operational since September 2015.  
 
1 “ Sources of Greenhouse Gas Emissions, 2019,” US Environmental Protection Agency, accessed September 21, 2021,  
https://www.epa.gov/ghgemissions/sources-greenhouse-gas-emissions. 
Green Standard 
 
 
Eligible Project Category: 
 Clean Transportation 
 
 
Kestrel Verifiers | Second Party Opinion  3