Designation as Green Bonds 
The Developer has self-designated the 2022 Bonds as “Green Bonds” based on the Green Bond Principles 
(“GBP”), updated as of June 2021, established as a financial bond instrument where the proceeds or an 
equivalent amount will be exclusively applied to finance or re-finance, in part or in full, new and/or existing 
eligible Green Projects in accordance with the Sustainability Bond Guidelines and the Sustainability -Linked Bond 
Principles. The Technical Advisor believes the Project constitutes an “eligible Green Project” under the GBP 
because it has two key environmental and social purposes:  
• To improve the city’s sustainability efforts by reducing streetlight energy consumption by more than 50%, 
eliminating 38,000 tons of greenhouse gas emissions each year;  
• Reduction of glare and light pollution that could affect wildlife or other light sensitive activities in the 
District;  
• Promote more efficient management systems with remote monitoring and control capabilities;  and 
• Adding 239 Wireless Access Points, expanding the District’s broadband Wi-Fi network to more areas of need 
and integrating smart city technology to track and improve the networks and the networks energy usage.  
The GBP are voluntary process guidelines that recommend transparency and disclosure and are intended to 
promote integrity by clarifying the approach for issuance of a Green Bond. The GBP are comprised of the 
following four components:  
• Use of Proceeds;  
• Process for Project Evaluation and Selection;  
• Management of Proceeds; and  
• Reporting.  
In accordance with the 2021 edition of the GBP, the following sections set fort information relating to the Project 
and the use of proceeds of the 2022 Bonds within the framework of the four components of the GBP.  
2.2 Use of Proceeds 
The green bond utilization of the proceeds towards a green project must provide clear environmentally 
sustainable benefits which, where feasible, will be quantified or assessed by the issuer. The Developer, not the 
Bond Issuer, has taken all action and will undertake all future action concerning the eligibility of the Project using 
green bond proceeds and the utilization of the proceeds of the 2022 Bonds for an eligible green project.  
The Project is expected to generate certain environmental and other benefits as further outlined below and in 
the Technical Advisor Report.  
2.3 Process for Project Evaluation and Selection  
The GBP encourages a high level of transparency in the evaluation and selection process and recommends that a 
green bonds issuer outline the decision-marking process it follows to determine the eligibility of a project using 
green bond proceeds. The Developer, not the Bond Issuer, has taken all action and will undertake all future 
action concerning the eligibility of the Project using green bond proceeds and the utilization of the proceeds of 
the 2022 Bonds for an eligible green project.  Project Lenders on behalf of Plenary Infrastructure DC | Green Bond Assessment – Smart Street Lighting Project 
Report Number 1.0 | March 31, 2022 
127 John Street., Toronto, ON, M5V 2E2 | 604 734 3126 
This report has been prepared at the request of Project Lenders on behalf of Plenary Infrastructure DC and is the exclusive property of BTY 
Group. The information  
must be treated as confidential and not to be disclosed, reproduced or permitted to be disclosed to any party without the prior consent  
of BTY Group. 6 
While the District, not the Developer, developed and obtained environmental approvals for the Project and 
assessed the environmental, social and economic effects of the Project, based on the records of such approvals, 
the Developer has concluded that the Project constitutes an “eligible Green Project” under the GBP.  
Per Green Bond Principles, “Project Evaluation and Selection”, the development, bidding, and award of the 
Project has been carried out with a high level of diligence and transparency at each stage.  
2.4 Management of Proceeds 
Proceeds of the Green Bond will be tracked by the Developer on behalf of Project Lenders generally in 
accordance with the Lenders Financial Proposal. Provided the bonds are still outstanding, the balance of the 
funds generated through the bond issue will be reduced through disbursement to the Project. Prior to 
disbursement, the balance of the funds will be held as cash or as short-term liquid money-market investments 
held by the Developer and the Project Lenders. 
Per Green Bond Principles, “Management of Proceeds”, the proceeds of the bond issue will be tracked by a 
formal process linked to the issuer, the Developer, and the Project Lenders. The process outlined in the Financial 
Submission conforms to this principle. 
Proceeds of the Series 2022 Bonds will be tracked by the Developer. So long as the Series 2022 Bonds remain 
outstanding, the balance of the proceeds will be reduced by amounts disbursed for the Project. Provided the 
bonds are still outstanding, the balance of the proceeds will be generated through the bond issue will be reduced 
through disbursement to the Project. Prior to disbursement, the balance of the funds will be held as cash or 
Qualified Investments. 
2.5 Reporting  
Until the Series 2022 Bonds proceeds have been fully allocated, the Developer will publish annual updates 
regarding the amount of net proceeds expended on the Project. Disclosures will be made through the Electronic 
Municipal Market Access system of the Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board, accessible at 
www.emma.msrb.org.  Once all net proceeds of the Series 2022 Bonds are expended and disclosure regarding 
such expenditures is made, no further disclosures as to expenditure of proceeds will be provided. The Developer 
has committed to a number of design and operational characteristics of the Project in order to advance key 
environmental goals of the Project. The Developer may provide reports and updates to this end, however, such 
reports and updates are provided on a voluntary basis and are not included as part of the Developer’s Continuing 
Disclosure Agreement for the Series 2022 Bonds. 
A key element of the Project is the energy savings target of over 50% against the existing baseline usage which 
primarily utilizes inefficient incandescent and high intensity discharge arc tubes (“HPS”) bulbs. LED lights 
generally last between 35,000 to 50,000 hours which is a 51% improvement from HPS and 96% improvement 
from incandescent bulbs. This will drastically reduce both energy consumption, but also outages and the time 
and effort required to replace street lights. Furthermore, the Developer is held to performance metrics with 
financial penalties to ensure energy performance is uphold throughout the Project term. The Developer will 
maintain a continuous log of the energy performance throughout the Project term.  
Per Green Bond Principles, “Reporting”, the Project has numerous quantitative KPI’s to help measure and justify 
its expected environmental performance, and hence justify the expectation of the Green Bonds investors. The 
requirements of the PA ensure the Project conforms to this principle. 
2.6 Conclusions  
Based on our review, we make the following conclusions 
• The Project conforms to the Green Bond Categories of Energy efficiency, and to a lesser extent, 
Pollution Prevention and Control; and Project Lenders on behalf of Plenary Infrastructure DC | Green Bond Assessment – Smart Street Lighting Project 
Report Number 1.0 | March 31, 2022 
127 John Street., Toronto, ON, M5V 2E2 | 604 734 3126 
This report has been prepared at the request of Project Lenders on behalf of Plenary Infrastructure DC and is the exclusive property of BTY 
Group. The information  
must be treated as confidential and not to be disclosed, reproduced or permitted to be disclosed to any party without the prior consent  
of BTY Group. 7 
• The Project meets the Core Green Bond principles of Use