green bonds designation. 
ABOUT THE ISSUER 
The City of Tacoma is the third largest city in the state of Washington. Within the City government (the 
“City”), Tacoma Public Utilities is the largest department and includes Tacoma Power, Tacoma Water, and 
Tacoma Rail. Tacoma Power was originally formed in 1893 after the City purchased water and electric utility 
properties from the former Tacoma Water and Light Company. Tacoma Power is now the fourth largest 
public power  utility in Washington and is divided into the following units: (1) Generation, (2) P ower 
Management, (3) Power Shared Services, (4) Transmission and Distribution, (5) Rates, Planning and 
Analysis, and (6) Utility Technology Services. 
Tacoma Power’s first hydroelectric generation facility  was built in 1912. As of 2021 , Tacoma Power’s 
hydroelectric system operates  through four  hydroelectric generation projects with seven  hydroelectric 
dams. The Cowlitz River Project includes the Mayfield Dam and the Mossyrock Dam; the Nisqually River 
Project includes the Alder Dam and LaGrande D am; the Cushman  Hydro Project consists of two dams 
located on the Skokomish River; and the Wynoochee River Project consists of a powerhouse and flood-
controlled dam. These hydroelectric projects are located on four rivers in Washington with dams storing and 
releasing water through turbines which generate electricity for customers that is 100% clean hydroelectric 
power.  
Tacoma Power maintains licenses issued by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission for its projects.  
Tacoma Power operates 352 miles of transmission  facilities distributed over 2,034 miles to provide 
contracted wholesale transmission to small utilities  and serves approximately 183,000 retail customer 
accounts in nine cities with 717 employees. In 2020, Tacoma Power’s hydroelectric resources provided 
approximately 38% of the utility’s total energy supply and are a stable, low-cost portion of Tacoma Power’s 
portfolio. To meet energy demands, Tacoma Power also acquires power through power purchase contracts Kestrel Verifiers | Second Party Opinion  3 
and market purchases. Tacoma Power demonstrates a strong commitment to reducing emissions from 
energy generation by purchasing renewables such as hydropower and wind. In 2019, Tacoma Power’s fuel 
mix was 97% carbon free.  
In addition to supplying electricity, Tacoma Power supports responsible natural resource management 
through maintaining fish passages and preserving over 20,000 acres of protected wildlife habitat. Tacoma 
Power’s Habitat Conservation Plan outlines capital projects that support fish passages, enhance water flow 
for fish survival, and monitor native fish species. There are four ongoing wildlife and watershed protection 
projects to ensure healthy habitats for native animals and plants: 
 Cowlitz Wildlife Area  is a designated wildlife area  owned by Tacoma Power that covers about 
14,000 acres of forests, wetlands, lowland valleys, and riparian habitats  with the 20 -mile-long 
Peterman Hill Trail for recreational use; 
 Nisqually River Project  Wildlife Lands  includes various protections  to the Nisqually River Basin, 
including preservation of the river corridor downstream of LaGrande Dam , and visual markers on 
power lines for birds; 
 Wynoochee River Project enhances 1,000 acres of high-quality forage area for elk; and 
 Cushman Project Wildlife Lands conserve almost 3,000 acres of habitat for birds and other wildlife.