green bonds designation. 
 
ABOUT THE ISSUER 
The City of Gainesville, Florida (the "City" or “Gainesville”) is the largest city in Alachua County, Florida. As 
of 2019, t he City has a population of 135,400 and is home to the University of Florida, the fifth -largest 
public university campus by enrollment in the US.  
 
The City is committed to a path to sustainability and has established clear goals to reduce greenhouse gas 
(“GHG”) emissions and overall environmental impact. On October 18, 2018, the Gainesville City 
Commission unanimously passed a resolution committing to 100% renewable electricity and net zero GHG 
emissions by 2045. In doing so, Gainesville  became the fifth city in Florida to commit to 100% clean, 
renewable energy.
1 The City has also committed to becoming a zero-waste community by 2040.  
Other goals outlined in the City’s energy and utility policy include, but are not limited to: 
• Reduce residential electricity and natural gas consumption;  
 
1 "Gainesville Becomes Fifth City in Florida to Commit to 100 Percent Clean, Renewable Electricity." Sierra Club. October 18, 2018. 
https://www.sierraclub.org/press-releases/2019/03/gainesville-becomes-fifth-city-florida-commit-100-percent-clean-renewable 
 
 3 
 
 
• Improve efficiency in new construction by including microgrid s, solar, battery storage  or 
rainwater collection, and/or efficient HVAC systems;  
• Improve wastewater efficiencies through reuse or reclaimed water practices including 
environmental restoration, groundwater recharge, reclaimed water irrigation and reclaimed 
water cooling tower feed; 
• Implement significant water conservation efforts; and 
• Expand access to Wi-Fi and broadband. 
 
The City owns and operates Gainesville Regional Utilities (“GRU”)  that provides the City with electric, 
natural gas, water, wastewater, and telecommunications services.  GRU has several key  programs and 
initiatives that support local customers and underserved communities. GRU and the Alachua County 
Public Schools Foundation jointly established the Brighter Tomorrow Scholarship Program in 2009, which 
provides scholarships to financially disadvantaged high school students in the Gainesville area to help 
them pursue engineering degrees at the University of Florida. GRU also offers free educational resources 
such as  books, DVDs,  games and other materials to K -12 teachers for students to learn about energy 
conservation.  
 
GRU’s Water and Wastewater Systems 
GRU operates the City of Gainesville’s  drinking water system , which  supports approximately 73,704 
customers in GRU’s service area. The system consists of 1,170 miles of water transmission and distribution 
lines, 15 water supply wells, one treatment plant (Murphree Plant) with a treatment capacity of 54 million 
gallons per day (MGD), and 18.5 million gallons of storage capacity. Drinking water is sourced from a well 
field that pulls from a confined section of the Floridan a quifer. Through studies and assessments, GRU ’s 
consumptive use permit allocates sufficient  water supply to meet demand s through 2034. Conservation 
measures and water reuse are i ntegral to the long -term sustainability of the system. As part of future 
water supply planning, GRU participat es in development of the Florida Department of Environmental 
Protection’s Minimum Flows and L evels program that establishes minimum flow requirements  in rivers 
and streams in order to maintain sufficient groundwater levels. 
 
GRU also manages the City’s wastewater system, which  supports approximately 65,797 customers and 
consists of 673 miles of gravity sewers, 170 pump stations, 153 miles of force mains, and two wastewater 
treatment plants with a combined treatment capacity of 22.4 MGD. The wastewater system collects and 
transfers used water  to facilities  for treatment and subsequent reuse  and environmental restoration. 
GRU’s two wastewater treatment facilities, the Main Street Water Reclamation Facility and the Kanapaha 
Water Reclamation Facility, receive all flows which is then treated and reused. GRU provides 100 percent 
beneficial reuse of wastewater  and this reuse complements  the following services and benefits: (1 ) 
groundwater recharge , (2 ) reclaimed water for irrigation, (3) wellfields and wetlands, (4 ) industrial 
cooling, (5) restoration of local environments , and (6) commercial uses. In addition, biosolids are reused 
and processed by a contractor to produce a fertilizer.