GREEN BOND DESIGNATION 
The City is designating the Series 2021 Bond s as “Green Bonds” due to what it believes are the 
environmental benefits of the Series 2021 Project.  The purpose of labeling the Series 2021 Bonds as 
“Green Bonds” is to allow investors to more easily identify that they are investing directly in bonds which 
finance such environmentally beneficial projects.   
The City does not intend to obtain any outside source  to certify the Series 2021 Bonds as Green 
Bonds.  The designation of the Series 2021 Bonds as Green Bonds is solely as a result of the 
determination by the City. The term “ Green Bonds” is not defined in nor related to the Resolution.  The 
use of the term in this Official Statement is solely for identification purposes and is not intended to 
provide or imply that any owner of any Series 2021 Bonds is entitled to any security other than as 
provided in the Resolution.  The repayment obligation of the City with respect to the Series 2021 Bonds is 
not conditioned on the satisfaction of any certification related to the status of the Series 2021 Bonds as 
Green Bonds.  The City does not make any representation as to the ability of the Series 2021 Bonds to 
fulfill s uch environmental and sustainability criteria.  The Series 2021 Bonds may not be a suitable 
investment for investors seeking exposure to green or sustainable assets.  There is currently no market 
consensus on what precise attributes are required for a part icular project to be defined as “green” or 
“sustainable” and therefore no assurance can be provided to investors that the projects financed with 
proceeds of the Series 2021 Bonds will continue to meet investor expectations regarding sustainability 
performance.  
Use of Proceeds 
 The Series 2021 Project is comprised of the following elements: 
 
• WWTP Emergency Power Upgrade Project.  The study and design of improvements to EPD ’s 
emergency power systems at the WWTP, the on -site electrical substation, and at off site pump 
stations.  The WWTP currently has four original early 1970s oil fired turbine generators.  This 
project will upgrade the emergency standby equipment at the WWTP to current technologies.  
This project includes clean fuel for generators with minimized emissions.  Project completion is 
anticipated in 2024.  The antici pated cost of this project is $8,180,892, of which approximately 
$750,000 is expected to be financed with the proceeds of the Series 2021 Bonds. 
• Cohas Brook Sewer Project.  This project is designed to protect the Lake Massabesic watershed 
that provides drinking water to over 200,000 area residents.  The final contract in a four contract 
program will provide sewer service to the final enclave in the City without service.  This 
construction project consists of over four miles of new sewer from Bodwell/Cohas Avenue south 
to the Londonderry town line.  The majority of the sewer route is cross country to facilitate 
gravity flow service.  Project completion is anticipated in 2023 when Bodwell Road will be fully 
reconstructed.  The anticipated cost of this project is $ 16,638,704, of which approximately 
$14,700,000 is expected to be financed with the proceeds of the Series 2021 Bonds.  
 
 
7 
 
• CMOMs Contract No. 5 . The design and construction of a sewer rep air, rehabilitation and 
replacement project.  This will be the fifth construction contract in the City ’s decade old sewer 
collection management, operation and maintenance (“CMOM”) program, a formalized pro-active 
sewer maintenance program and will involve the rehabilitat ion of about ten miles of  sewer in 
various areas of the C ity.  The c onstruction method will consist of replacement, point repairs, 
lining, and point lining. Project completion is anticipated in 2024.  The anticipated cost of this 
project is $6,500,000, which is expected to be fully financed with the proceeds of the Series 2021 
Bonds. 
• Sheffield Pump Station Force Main. The study, design, and construction of a new force main to 
replace the existing Sheffield Pump station force main that has fai led twice in recent years.  The 
3,800 liner foot ductile iron force main currently goes cross -country for over 1,500 feet.  Due to 
recent sewer expansions, there are other options to service the pump station.  This project will 
consist of the study, design , and construction of improvements to address th e failing force main. 
Project completion is anticipated in 2023. The anticipated cost of this project is $ 2,500,000, 
which is expected to be fully financed with the proceeds of the Series 2021 Bonds. 
• Christian Brook CSO Abatement Pr oject Contract No. 1 Main Drain . This United Stated 
Environmental Protection Agency (“USEPA”) mandated consent decree project separates a 
combined sewer system in the Ci ty’s north end.  The project will intercept Christian Brook at 
Smyth Road and construct a new main drain east -bound down North Street for about 1.5 miles 
down to Walnut Street.  This project will be constructed under the City continued “infrastructure 
upgrade” philosophy where all utilities are replaced and the roads are fully reconstructed.  The 
new drainage system was designed with a climate change allowance that exceeds current industry 
standards.  Project completion is anticipated in 2023 . The anticipated cost of this project is 
$21,400,000, of which approximately $18,300,000 is expected to be financed with the proceeds 
of the Series 2021 Bonds. 
• Christian Brook CSO Abatement Project Control No. 2 Drain Lateral . This USEPA 
mandated consent decree project designs the lateral drains that will connect to the main drain 
being constructed under Contract No. 1 (referenced above).  Similar to Contract N o. 1, Contract 
No. 2 will be constructed under the City continued “ infrastructure upgrade” philosophy where all 
utilities are replaced and the roads are fully reconstructed.  The new lateral drainage system will 
be designed with a climate change allowance that exceeds current industry standards.  Project 
completion is anticipated in 2025.  The anticipated cost of this project is $ 12,660,520, of which 
approximately $1,250,000 is expected to be financed with the proceeds of the Series 2021 Bonds. 
• Cemetery Brook CSO Tunnel Design. Cemetery Brook is the City’s largest and most urbanized 
drainage basin that accounts for about 75% of combined sewer overflows (“CSO”) discharges.  A 
recently completed engineering f easibility study concluded that a deep tunnel is the most viable 
method to execute this civil works project.  The proposed tunnel will be 12- feet in diameter, 2.0-
miles long, and will be 30 to 80- feet below the surface.  The tunnel will have seven significant 
drop shaft structures to collect drainage and discharge air.  The tunnel will be designed with a 
climate change allowance that exceeds current industry standards. In addition, green 
infrastructure is planned to accommodate this project including the conversion of an old railroad 
bed into an urban bike and walking trail. Project completion is anticipated in 2023. The 
anticipated cost of this project is $ 10,400,000, of which approximately $8,000,000 is expected to 
be financed with the proceeds of the Series 2021 Bonds. 
• CSO System Optimization and Real Time Controls . This project focuses on short term 
optimization and control measures that could be utilized to minimize CSO discharges over the  
 
 
8 
 
next 20 years while the other improvements are being designed and constructed. The CSO system 
optimization with real- time controls project will identify operating measures that reduce CSO 
overflow volume and frequency from the existing system, provide some surcharging relief for the 
existing interceptor system, and maximize flow to the WWTP.   The study will recognize all the 
work completed at the WWTP and throughout the wastewater collection system since 2010, 
particularly those projects that affect the plant’ s hydraulic c