Green Bonds designation. 
ABOUT THE ISSUER 
The Indianapolis Department of Public Works (“the Department”), an agency within the City of Indianapolis 
(the “City” or “Indianapolis”), operates and maintains  stormwater drainage and flood mitigation  
infrastructure for approximately 891,087 people.1 The stormwater system consists of levees ; dams; 
pumping facilities; piped and open channels; retention and detention basins; nearly 1,500 miles of pipelines; 
over 100,000 structures such as ditches, channels and outfalls; and other types of infrastructure . The 
Department monitors water quality within the City’s primary waterways—the White River and several small 
creeks—as related to stormwater runoff. 
The Department works closely with the City to make progress toward decarbonization goals and create 
equitable opportunities for vulnerable groups. The Department partnered with the Office of Sustainability to 
develop the City’s first-ever sustainability plan, Thrive Indianapolis 1. The plan outlines goals to improve 
community resiliency and achieve carbon neutrality by 2050. The 2020 Thrive Annual Report communicates 
the City’s progress across various sectors and projects such as electric vehicle registration, certified green 
buildings, bike lanes, and reduced energy consumption through conversion to LED streetlamps. Between 
2017 and 2020, Indianapolis significantly increased its curbside recycling by more than 3,000 tons—nearly 
meeting its 2025 goal. The City’s community resilience efforts include the Pathways to Employment program 
that helps homeless individuals transition to full- time employment by connecting them with resources . 
 
1 “Thrive Indianapolis,” Indianapolis Office of Sustainability , February 2019, https://www.thriveindianapolis.com/s/2019CPSR001-
ThriveIndianapolis-web.pdf.   
Kestrel Verifiers | Second Party Opinion  2 
Between 2019 and 2020, 53% of participants f ound full-time work.2 Moreover, the Department has set 
intentional focus on smaller residential stormwater projects in economically disadvantaged neighborhoods, 
where flooding is frequent. 
The Department has numerous programs to educate the public about pollution prevention, sustainable water 
management and stormwater systems. The Department’s ToxDrop program informs residents about proper 
disposal methods for hazardous waste and chemicals. The Department’s 2021 #DPWStormDrainChallenge 
social media campaign encouraged residents to clear neighborhood storm drain inlets of debris and 
vegetation and share pictures on Twitter and Facebook , fostering neighborhood invo lvement in flood 
mitigation and pollution prevention. The City’s Environmental Education summer camps offer educational 
programming and tours of local wetlands and teach children about natural filtration systems, water quality 
and ecosystem health.3