GREEN BOND DESIGNATION—Use of Proceeds.” 
Although particular features of Prairie Waters have been successfully employed in other water 
systems, Prairie Waters is believed to be one of the largest and most innovative projects of its kind ever 
constructed in the United States using all of such features in a single plan.  The Core Project, as completed 
in 2010, was designed to immediately increase the City’s supply of raw water by 10,000 acre-feet annually.  
Prairie Waters can therefore supply approximately 20% of the City’s current demand.  It delivers as much 
as 16.67 million gallons of water to the City daily and is expandable to 50 MGD with additional 
infrastructure.  The current 20-year capital plan includes expanding Prairie Waters to 30 MGD.  Prairie 
Waters is the cornerstone of a water supply plan that is expected to help meet the City’s needs for decades.  
It also enables the City to generate third party revenues through a regional water supply project (the “Water 
Infrastructure and Supply Efficiency Partnership” or “WISE Partnership”) by putting the Prairie Waters 
Project to greater use in times when the full system capacity is not needed by City customers.  The WISE 
Partnership, with Denver Water and 11 water systems in the south metro area, allows regional sharing of 
water and infrastructure resources to meet future regional water supply needs. 
Out-of-City Water Deliveries 
As one of the largest water providers in the State, Aurora Water has the capacity to deliver 
substantial amounts of water by contract to public water systems outside the City limits, at negotiated rates, 
without impairing deliveries to in-City customers. 
The WISE Partnership.  The Prairie Waters Project enables the City to generate third party 
revenues through the WISE Partnership by putting Prairie Waters to greater use in times when the full 
system capacity is not needed by City customers.  The WISE Partnership is a regional water supply project 
among Aurora Water, Denver Water and the South Metro WISE Authority (“South Metro” collectively, the 
“WISE Parties”).  The South Metro WISE Authority is a quasi-governmental entity created by 
intergovernmental agreement among the third-party members identified below.  The three-party WISE 
Partnership is authorized under various intergovernmental agreements and the Amended and Restated 
WISE Delivery Agreement (the “WDA”), effective December 31, 2013, among the WISE Parties.   
The WISE Partnership is intended to provide for average deliveries of 10,000 acre-feet/year of 
treated water from Aurora Water and Denver Water reusable supplies through Prairie Waters to South 
Metro, for delivery to its eleven third party members, which include: (i) Town of Castle Rock; (ii) Dominion 
Water and Sanitation District; (iii) Stonegate Village Metropolitan District; (iv) Cottonwood Water and 
Sanitation District; (v) Denver Southeast Suburban Water and Sanitation District (also known as Pinery 
Water and Wastewater District); (vi) Centennial Water and Sanitation District; (vii) Rangeview 
Metropolitan District; (viii) Parker Water and Sanitation District; (ix) Meridian Metropolitan District; 
(x) Inverness Water and Sanitation District; and (xi) Douglas County.  Each of the third-party members is 
the current or prospective owner or operator of water utility infrastructure within its service area and has 
need for supplemental water supplies, although their individual needs and circumstances vary.  
 24 
The WDA provided that Aurora Water and Denver Water deliver at least 72,250 acre-feet of treated 
water over 10-year blocks (an average of 7,225 acre-feet per year).  On June 28, 2019, Douglas County 
exercised a reservation agreement to increase the deliveries to an average of 100,000 acre-feet of treated 
water per ten-year period (an average of 10,000 acre-feet per year).  WISE deliveries are subject to 
interruption by Aurora Water and Denver Water under certain circumstances provided in the WDA.  Aurora 
Water and Denver Water can limit deliveries as necessary to protect deliveries to their primary customers, 
including interrupting deliveries for up to 24 consecutive months.  For this reason, the WDA provides a 
supplemental, rather than primary, source of water to the third-party WISE members, which must also have 
their own primary supplies. 
The WISE Partnership delivery system is currently in operation, with initial infrastructure to allow 
for water delivery.  The costs of all infrastructure needs for delivery to South Metro are the responsibility 
of South Metro.  The contract contemplated a permanent connection to be complete and full deliveries were 
initially expected to start in 2021.  The WISE partners have extended the start date by one year.  By 
agreement, minimum deliveries are 5,000 acre-feet in 2020 and 2021 before full deliveries start in 2022, at 
a permanent connection which is currently under construction.  The connection is funded entirely by WISE 
customers through South Metro. 
The WISE water rate is based on a cost of service rate methodology outlined in the WDA.  That 
rate takes into consideration the cost of infrastructure used, the cost of operations and maintenance, the cost 
of raw water and a rate of return on capital for Aurora Water.  
Roxborough Water and Sanitation District Contracts.  Under an Intergovernmental Agreement 
executed December 20, 2010 and effective December 20, 2010, (the “Roxborough Agreement”), which 
superseded previous agreements originally entered into as far back as 1972, the City, acting by and through 
Aurora Water, agreed to provide Roxborough Water and Sanitation District (“Roxborough”) a perpetual 
supply of raw water, either from the Rampart Pipeline through the Roxborough treatment plant, or from the 
WISE Partnership through an East Cherry Creek Valley Water and Sanitation District pipeline, at an initial 
rate of $3.77 per 1,000 gallons of water, increased annually in an amount equal to 70% of the percentage 
increase in the City’s treated water user rates in its service area.  The Roxborough Agreement also provides 
for the payment of certain one-time development and connection fees with respect to capital improvements 
and increases in delivery capacity.  A second agreement dated as of October 15, 2014 between the City and 
Roxborough (the “150 Agreement”) provides for a one-time use of an additional 150 acre-feet of raw water 
by Roxborough on an emergency basis to supply certain small water providers in Douglas County (the “150 
Service Area”), currently operating with nonrenewable supplies of well water. 
Dominion Water and Sanitation District Contracts.  Dominion Water and Sanitation District 
(“Dominion”), a governmental entity formed to provide raw water to an area outside the City, is planning 
utility services to Sterling Ranch, a 3,400 acre/12,000 home mixed use proposed development located near 
Chatfield Reservoir in Douglas County.  Dominion is a member of the WISE Partnership as a subscriber of 
1,325 acre-feet, and is a member of South Metro.  Sterling Ranch had a need for water delivery prior to the 
full implementation of the WDA for the WISE partnership.  Due to Dominion’s immediate need for water 
for that purpose that could not be met under the WDA, Dominion is consequently reliant upon temporary 
raw water supply service agreements with the City in order to bridge its supply needs until the WDA is 
fully functional.   
The City’s current agreements with Dominion include (1) an Agreement for the Trade of Water, 
dated as of October 1, 2009 (the “Trade Agreement”); (2) an Intergovernmental Agreement for Temporary 
Lease of Water dated July 30, 2012 (the “570 Agreement”); and (3) an Intergovernmental Agreement for 
Delivery of Water dated December 11, 2013 (the “250 Agreement” and together with the 570 Agreement, 
the “Dominion Agreements”).  The Trade Agreement provided for Dominion to surrender certain water  
 25 
rights o