Green Bonds designation does not relate to and is not inten ded to address the likelihood of timely 
payment of interest or principal for the 2022 Bonds. Further, b ecause there are no primary or continuing 
disclosure obligations of the City connected to its self-design ation of the 2022 Bonds as “Green Bonds,” 
there can be no assurance that, if the 2022 Bonds initially qualify for any green bond or similar designation, 
such qualification will continue. 
 
Maintenance of Ratings 
 
The 2022 Bonds will be rated as to their creditworthiness by Moody’s (defined herein).  While the City does 
not anticipate any material changes in the future, no assurance  can be given that t he 2022 Bonds will  
13 
 
maintain their original ratings.  If the rating on the 2022 Bonds decrease or are withdrawn, the 2022 Bonds 
may lack liquidity in the secondary market in comparison with o ther such municipal obligations.  See 
“RATING” herein. 
 
Secondary Market 
 
While the purchaser of the 2022 Bonds may expect, insofar as possible, to maintain a secondary market in 
the 2022 Bonds, no assurance can be given concerning the future  existence of such a secondary market 
or its maintenance by the purchasers or others, and prospective  purchasers of the 2022 Bonds should 
therefore be prepared, if necessary, to hold their 2022 Bonds to maturity or prior redemption, if any. 
 
Future Changes in Law 
 
Future legislative proposals, if enacted into law, clarification of the Code (defined herein) or court decisions 
may cause interest on the 2022 Bonds to be subject, directly or  indirectly, to federal income taxation or to 
be subject to or exempted from state income taxation, or otherwise prevent Beneficial Owners from realizing 
the full current benefit of the tax status of such interest. The introduction or enactment of any such legislative 
proposals, clarification of the Code or court decisions may also affect the market price for, or marketability 
of, the 2022 Bonds. Prospective purchasers of the 2022 Bonds sh ould consult their own tax advisors 
regarding any pending or proposed federal or state tax legislat ion, regulations, or litigation, as to which 
Bond Counsel expresses no opinion. 
 
Legislation affecting municipal bonds is considered from time t o time by the United States Congress and 
the Executive Branch. Bond Counsel’s opinion is based upon the law in existence on the date of issuance 
of the 2022 Bonds.  It is possibl e that legislation enacted after the date of issuance of the 2022 Bonds or 
proposed for consideration will have an adverse effect on the excludability of all or a part of the interest on 
the 2022 Bonds from gross income, the manner in which such interest is subject to federal income taxation 
or the market price of the 2022 Bonds. 
 
Legislation affecting municipal bonds is considered from time t o time by the Indiana legislature and 
Executive Branch. It is possibl e that legislation enacted after  the date of the 2022 Bonds or proposed for 
consideration will have an adverse effect on payment or timing of payment or other matters impacting the 
2022 Bonds. 
 
The City and the Sewage Works cannot predict the outcome of any  such federal or state proposals as to 
passage, ultimate content or impac t if passed, or timing of con sideration or passage. Purchasers of the 
2022 Bonds should reach their own conclusions regarding the impact of any such federal or state proposals. 
 
There can be no assurance that  there will not be any change in,  interpretation of, or addition to the 
applicable laws and provisions which would have a material effect, directly or indirectly, on the affairs of the 
City and the Sewage Works. 
 
Current and future legislative proposals, if enacted into law, or court decisions may cause interest on the 
2022 Bonds to be subject, directly or indirectly, to be subject to or exempted from state income taxation, or 
otherwise prevent Beneficial Owners from realizing the full current benefit of the tax status of such interest. 
The introduction or enactment of any such legislative proposals , or court decisions may also affect the 
market price for, or marketability of, the 2022 Bonds. Prospect ive purchasers of the 2022 Bonds should 
consult their own tax advisors regarding any pending or propose d state tax legislation, regulations or 
litigation, as to which Bond Counsel expresses no opinion. 
 
Bond Counsel’s opinion is based upon the law in existence on th e date of issuance of the 2022 Bonds.  It 
is possible that legislation enacted after the date of issuance  of the 2022 Bonds or proposed for 
consideration will have an adverse effect on the excludability of all or a part of the interest on the 2022 
Bonds from state taxation, or the market price of the 2022 Bond
s. 
 
Legislation affecting municipal bonds is considered from time t o time by the Indiana legislature and 
Executive Branch. It is possibl e that legislation enacted after  the date of the 2022 Bonds or proposed for 
consideration will have an adverse effect on payment or timing of payment or other matters impacting the 
Bonds.  
   
14 
 
The City cannot predict the outcome of any such state proposals as to passage, ultimate content or impact 
if passed, or timing of conside ration or passage. Purchasers of  the 2022 Bonds should reach their own 
conclusions regarding the impact of any such state proposals. 
 
There can be no assurance that  there will not be any change in,  interpretation of, or addition to the 
applicable laws and provisions which would have a material effect, directly or indirectly, on the affairs of the 
City and the Sewage Works. 
 
Limitations on Remedies Available to Owners of the 2022 Bonds 
 
 No Acceleration. There is no provision for acceleration of maturity of the principal of the 2022 Bonds in the 
event of a default in the payment of principal of or interest o n the 2022 Bonds. Consequently, the owners 
of the 2022 Bonds may have to enforce available remedies from year to year.  
 
Potential Impacts Resulting from Epidemics or Pandemics, Such as the Novel Coronavirus (COVID-
19) 
 
Regional, national or global epidemics or pandemics, such as th e outbreak of the novel coronavirus 
(“COVID-19”), could have materially adverse local, regional, national or global economic and social impacts.  
Since March 2020, the COVID-19 outbreak has adversely impacted local, state, national and global 
economies, as governments. On March 6, 2020, Indiana Governor E ric Holcomb issued Executive Order 
20-02 which declared the Coronavirus Disease 2019 (“COVID-19”) outbreak in Indiana to be a public 
emergency, which was extended multiple times by separate executive orders through March 3, 2022. 
 
The City’s finances may be materially adversely affected by epi demics and pandemics, including, but not 
limited to, COVID-19. Many units of government, including the C ity, depend on tax collections, user fees, 
utility rates and charges, and other local revenues to fund many of its operational costs, including, but not 
limited to, payment of debt service on any of the bonds issued by such units of government or their local 
building corporations and utilities.  Therefore, if the collect ion of property taxes is delayed or reduced, the 
City may have difficulty in funding its operations and paying the debt service on the 2022 Bonds.  In addition, 
the City cannot predict the amount of increased costs, if any, that may be incurred by the City associated 
with operating during any epidemic or pandemic, like COVID-19, including, but not limited to, the amount 
of (1) costs to clean, sanitize and maintain its facilities, (2 ) costs to hire substitute employees, or (3) costs 
to operate remotely and support the citizens and employees of the City.  Accordingly, the City cannot predict 
the effect any epidemic or pandem ic, including, but not limited  to, COVID-19, will have on its finances or 
operations, including, but not limited to, the p