Green Bonds designation. 
I-1 
 
Kestrel | Second Party Opinion 2 
ABOUT THE ISSUER  
The City of Atlanta, the capital and most populous city in the state of Georgia, is at the center of the eighth 
largest metropolitan area in the Unit ed States, the Atl anta-Sandy Springs -Alpharetta m etropolitan 
statistical area. The Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport (the “Airport” or “ATL”), owned by the 
City of Atlanta (the “City”) and operated by the City of Atlanta Department of Aviation  (“Department of 
Aviation” or “Department”), is the busiest airport in the world, serving approximately 100 million passengers 
annually.1 The Airport generates significant economic activity in the region and directly supports more than 
63,000 jobs.2 The Airport terminal complex comprises seven concourses and 197 gates connected by the 
underground Plane Train. 3 T he Airport also provides an international shu ttle connector, ground 
transportation, a rental car center , the ATL SkyTrain, and access to public transportation through the 
Metropolitan Atlanta Rapid Transit Authority (“MARTA”). 
The Department of Aviation has established robust commitments to decarbonization and environmental 
sustainability of the Airport. ATL joined the Airport Council International (“ACI”) Airport Carbon Accreditation 
Program to validate Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions inventories and continues to conduct greenhouse gas 
inventories regularly. In February 2022, the Department released a carbon policy which commits ATL to 
achieving 100% c lean and /or r enewable energy by 2035 ( in line with the City’s commitments ) and to 
meeting the net zero by 2050 goal set by ACI. In partnership with Georgia Power, ATL implements energy 
conservation measures  and renewable energy projects, and evaluates energy baselines to identify  
opportunities to improve energy efficiency of facilities. All ATL non-structural infrastructure projects must 
meet the minimum certification level in either the Envision or SITES rating systems,4 and all new buildings 
must achieve LEED Silver certification at minimum.  ATL was  the first airport to earn a LEED Platinum 
Communities rating (2019). 
Additionally, ATL: 
• Implements aircraft noise mitigation  measures in certain structures at the airport and nearby 
jurisdictions, including through the Noise Insulation Program which involves installation of  
acoustically rated windows, doors and other improvements at nearby residences. 
• Sets water conservation, waste reduction, and material procurement goals . ATL’s major capital 
projects have averaged a 43% reduction in designed water use, a 27% reduction in designed energy 
consumption, and 95% diversion of construction and demolition from landfills. 
• Produces an average of 103,000 kWh of renewable energy per year through on-site solar power. 
 
1 ATL served 93.7 million passengers in 2022. 
2 “About ATL,” Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport, accessed July 14, 2023, https://www.atl.com/about-atl/. 
3 “ATL Fact Sheet,” Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport , accessed July 14, 2023,  https://www.atl.com/about-atl/atl-
factsheet/. 
4 Managed by the Institute for Sustainable Infrastructure (“ISI”), Envision provides a comprehensive approach to building and 
maintaining sustainable, resilient, and equitable infrastructure. ISI was established by the American Public Works Association, the 
American Society of Civil Engineers, and the American Council of Engineering Companies. Infrastructure projects may receive an 
Envision Rating based on credits received in five categories: Quality of Life, Leadership, Resource Allocation, Natural World, and 
Climate and Resilience. The Sustainable SITES Initiative (SITES) is owned and administered by Green Business Certification Inc. 
SITES is a comprehensive framework for designing and developing resilient landscapes, streetscapes, and other outdoor spaces. 
I-2 
 
Kestrel | Second Party Opinion 3 
ALIGNMENT TO GREEN STANDARDS 5 
Use of Proceeds  
The Series 2023 Green Bonds will finance  and reimburse expansion, 
construction and re novation projects (collectively, the “ATL Green Bond 
Projects” or “Projects”) at Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport. The 
bond-financed activities meet robust green building standards , advance long-
term sustainability goals, and are eligible projects as defined by the Green Bond 
Principles in the project category of Green Buildings.  
The ATL Green Bond Projects include expansion of Concourse D, construction of a new multilevel parking 
structure, and construction of Fire Station #32 South  as outlined in Table 1  and described in more detail 
as follows. All projects are designed to minimize energy use compared to ASHRAE 90.1 -2010 baselines 
and water use compared to LEED baselines. 
Table 1. ATL Green Bond Budgets 
Project Name Green Bond Proceeds ($)  Total Project Budget ($) 
Concourse D Widening Project 300,000,000 1,300,000,000 
South Domestic Terminal Parking Deck Project 200,000,000 514,000,000 
Fire Station #32 (South) Project   11,648,943  25,685,955 
 
Concourse D Widening P roject: In Progress 
The Series 2023 Green Bonds partially finance the expansion of Concourse D, including widening from 60 
feet to approximately 99 feet, extending the overall length to 288 feet, and modifying ramps and gate 
layouts. With the expansion, Concourse D will have approximately 34 gates, a 25,000-square-foot area for 
a Delta Sky Club, and  a 100,000-square-foot space for additional b oarding areas , concession areas, 
restrooms and other public areas. The widening of Concourse D is designed to accommodate an all-Group 
III aircraft configuration,6 to enhance airport capacity and circulation, and to meet LEED Silver  green 
building standards. 
Concourse D widening is a multiphase project expected to be fully complete by summer  2029. Initial 
construction and pre-fabrication of Concourse D in a modular staging area is expected to begin  in 
December 2023.7 Pre-fabricated components will be transported across airfield runways to Concourse D  
and attached to the existing building. Then, portions of the existing building will be demolished  and 
reconstructed.  
 
5 Green Bonds are any type of bond instrument where the proceeds will be exclusively applied to finance or refinance eligible Green 
Projects which are aligned with the four core components of ICMA Green Bond Principles. 
6 The Federal Aviation Administration classifies aircraft into six groups based on size, wherein Group I aircraft are the smallest and 
Group XI aircraft are the largest.  Many major airlines, including Delta Air Lines,  are retiring smaller aircraft fleets and replacing 
these fleets with larger Group III aircraft. 
7 A pre-fabrication area will be used to minimize gate downtime and on-site upheaval throughout project development. 
I-3 
 
Kestrel | Second Party Opinion 4 
The entire Concourse D widening project is designed to achieve LEED Silver certification and incorporates 
the following sustainable design elements: 
• Power infrastructure at all gates to support electric charging of ground support equipment  
• Advanced energy metering and water metering 
• Efficient heating and cooling systems  
• Efficient, insulated wall panels 
• Low emissivity glass 
• Low flow water fixtures  
• Fully electrified gates 
• Low carbon concrete supply 
Energy and water use modeling has been conducted and the project is expected to result in approximately 
15% energy cost savings compared to ASHRAE 90.1-2013, estimated 40% reduction in water use, at least 
5% reduction in embodied carbon,8 and at least 90% diversion of construction and demolition waste. 
South Domestic Terminal Parking Deck P roject: In Progress 
The Series 2023 Green Bonds also finance the first phase of the South Domestic Terminal Parking Deck, a 
multilevel parking structure that will provide parking for approximately 6,500 vehi cles and will include a 
two-st