Green Bonds designation. 
ABOUT THE ISSUER  
The Department of Airports of the City of Los Angeles (“Department”) is a self -supporting department of 
the City of Los Angeles (the “City”), managing two airports: Los Angeles International Airport (“LAX” or the 
“Airport”) and Van Nuys Airport.  LAX ranked as the 4th busiest airport in the United States in 2023.  In  
 
Kestrel | Second Party Opinion 2 
FY 2024, LAX served more than 76 million passengers. Both airports contribute significantly to the regional 
economy, collectively providing approximately 4,000 jobs.1  
The Department has robust sustainability and environmental commitments and  targets that make them 
an industry  leader among airports  in promoting sustainable aviation.  Current sustainability goals were 
established in the 2019 Sustainability Action Plan 2 and align with the Los Angeles Green New Deal. 3 
Selected goals and metrics are presented in Table 1. 
Table 1. Selected sustainability goals and commitments of the Department4 
Focus Area Target Progress at LAX 
Energy 
Carbon neutrality by 2045 39% reduction in Scope 1 
and 2 emissions 
100% renewable electricity by 2045 35.6% renewable 
65% reduction in energy use per passenger by 2045 26.1% reduction 
Air 
Emissions 
100% zero emission bus fleet by 2030 50% zero emission buses 
100% electric light duty vehicle fleet by 231 27.3% electric fleet 
Material 
Resources 
25% non-construction waste diversion by 2025 and 50% 
diversion by 2035 30.9% diversion 
 
In addition to these goals, the Department has other notable sustainability programs and policies: 
• Sustainable Design and Construction Requirements  – All new buildings and  major building 
renovation projects at the airports must be built to at least LEED Silver standards or the City of Los 
Angeles Green Building Code and several buildings have achieved LEED Platinum or LEED Gold.  
• Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF) – LAX increased usage of SAF in 2023 by 22% compared to 2022.  
• On-site Renewable Energy – The Consolidated Rent-A-Car Facility at LAX has a rooftop solar array 
with a capacity of 4. 7 MW and, upon completion, the Automated People Mover Maintenance and 
Storage facility will have a rooftop solar array with a capacity of 1 MW.  
• Gate Electrification – All passenger gates at LAX have infrastructure which enables planes to use 
electric power while parked, decreasing use of jet fuel and associated emissions.  
• Food Donation Program at LAX – All businesses that provide or sell food are required to participate 
in a food donation program. In 2023, nearly 19,000 pounds of food were donated.  
 
1 “LAWA Employment,” Los Angeles World Airports, accessed March 10, 2025, https://devd.lawa.org/lawa -employment/lawa-
employment.  
2 “Sustainability Action Plan,” Los Angeles World Airports, 2019, https://cloud1lawa.app.box.com/s/63i2teszgnld5aws68x  
bou6yc0inl5rp. 
3 L.A.’s Green New Deal website, accessed March 12, 2025, https://plan.mayor.lacity.gov/. 
4 A s of 2023. “Sustainability Report 2023,” Los Angeles World Airports, July 2024,  
https://lawamediastorage.blob.core.windows.net/lawa-media-files/media-files/lawa-sustainability/resources/LAWA-2023-
Sustainability-Report.pdf” and “LAWA by the Number,” Los Angeles World Airports, July 2024, https://www.lawa.org/-/media/lawa-
web/sustainability/files/2023-lawa-by-the-numbers.ashx.  
 
Kestrel | Second Party Opinion 3 
• Alternative Fuel Requirement Program at LAX – All airport lessees and operators are required to 
follow low emission standards for medium and heavy -duty vehicles. As of 2019, 100% of airport 
operators are driving compliant vehicles. 
• Ecological Restoration – The Department dedicated 307 acres of sand dunes on the western 
portion of LAX as a natural wildlife preserve in 1986. Since then, the Department has planted native 
species, eliminated invasive plants, and removed approximately 32,000 square feet of hardscape 
including old streets and sidewalks. The dunes act as a natural buffer against storm surge and sea 
level rise, increasing the resilience of the Airport to climate change impacts. 
• Endangered Species Management – In 1976, the US Department of Fish and Wildlife placed the El 
Segundo Blue Butterfly on the endangered species list. A population of these butterflies  was later 
found in the Los Angeles International Airport Sand Dunes Habitat, which has now been restored . 
From 2022 to 2023, the population size of the butterfly increased by 48%. 
Both LAX and Van Nuys Airport have joined the Airport Council International (“ACI”) Airport Carbon 
Accreditation Program to measure, manage, and reduce Scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions . LAX and VNY 
achieved Level 4 Transformation accreditation, an accomplishment which only five other airports in the 
United States have achieved. 5 The Department  has been recognized with multiple awards for its 
commitments to sustainability including the 2023 Green Bond of the Year from Environmental Finance, 
2023 Client of the Year from the American Council of Engineering Companies, 2023 Trailblazer Project of 
the Year from the Los Angeles Sustainability Coalition , and the Outstanding Achievement  in Pursuit of 
Sustainability within the Aviation Industry Award from the American Association of Airport Executives. 
ALIGNMENT TO GREEN STANDARDS 6 
Use of Proceeds  
The Series 2025A Subordinate Bonds finance and refund bonds that finance 
airport capital improvement projects (“Projects”) that advance the Department’s 
emission reduction and sustainability goals. The Projects improve energy 
efficiency and meet robust green building standards, and are eligible projects as 
defined by the Green Bond Principles in the Green Buildings , Energy Efficiency 
and Electrification project categories. 
Sustainable Building Construction and Renovation Projects 
The Projects incorporate best practices in sustainable construction to meet green building standards, 
improve energy efficiency, reduce water use by incorporating use of recycled water, and increase resilience 
of physical assets and LAX operations.  
Terminal construction and renovation projects must conform with California’s mandatory green building 
standards, referred to as CALGreen, achieve at least LEED Silver, and meet  sustainability standards in the 
Department’s Design and Construction Handbook. California’s second largest source of greenhouse gas 
 
5 “Accredited Airports,” Airport Carbon Accreditation, accessed March 6, 2025, https://www.airportcarbonaccreditation.org/ 
accredited-airports/.  
6 Green Bonds are any type of debt instrument where the proceeds will be exclusively applied to finance or refinance eligible Green 
Projects which are aligned with the four core components of ICMA Green Bond Principles. 
 
 
Kestrel | Second Party Opinion 4 
emissions is the building sector. 7 To address the opportunity for significant emission reductions from 
buildings, California maintains robust statewide green building codes. In 2007, in response to Assembly 
Bill 32 (California Global Warming Solutions Act), the State developed green building standards driven by 
the following objectives: 
• Reducing greenhouse gas emissions from buildings 
• Promoting environmentally responsible, cost-effective, healthier places to live and work 
• Reducing water and energy consumption 
The green building standards have been strengthened through regular updates. The airport Projects must 
all meet the Green Building Standards Code, Part 11 of Title 24 of the Code of California Regulations. By 
following these efficient and responsible building design specifications, the Projects improve sustainability 
and energy efficiency of the Department’s operations.  
While aviation is a significant source of global greenhouse gas emissions, Kestrel views construction and 
renovation of airport facilities that meet green building standards as eligible for financing with Green Bond 
proceeds. No airfield, ramp or apron projec