Designation as Green Bonds 
The SFPUC is committed to providing retail drinking water services to San Francisco and wholesale water 
to three Bay Area counties in a manner that values environmental and community interests, and sustains the resources 
entrusted to its care.  San Francisco issued its first climate action plan in 2004. Environmental stewardship is a key 
element of the SFPUC’s mission statement and the SFPUC remains prominent in the City’s most recent climate action 
plan, released in 2021 and supplemented in 2023 (see “THE WATER ENTERPRISE – Climate Action Plan”). The 
2025A Bonds are being designated by the SFPUC as “Green Bonds” based on the climate adaptation and/or mitigation 
benefits of the WSIP projects to be refinanced by the 2025A Bonds and pursuant to certification of the WSIP program 
by the Climate Bonds Initiative (the “CBI”), as further described below under “ – Certification by the Climate Bonds 
Initiative.” 
The purpose of designating the 2025A  Bonds as “Green Bonds” is to allow investors to invest directly in 
bonds that finance the cost of environmentally beneficial projects (“ Green Projects ”). For purposes of such 
determination, the SFPUC considers the projects included in the WSIP to be Green Projects  (“WSIP Green 
Projects”). See “PLAN OF REFUNDING,” “ESTIMATED SOURCES AND USES OF FUNDS” and “CAPITAL 
IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM AND OTHER WATER SUPPLY INITIATIVES – Water System Improvement 
Program.”  
The Indenture does not restrict the use of proceeds of future issuances of Bonds to the financing of Green 
Projects and in the future the SFPUC may issue a dditional Bonds which are not designated as “Green Bonds” or 
certified by the CBI. The repayment obligations of the SFPUC wi th respect to the 2025A Bonds are not conditioned 
on the completion of any particular project or the satisfaction of any condition relating to the status of the 2025A 
Bonds as “Green Bonds” or the certification of such bonds by the CBI. The SFPUC assumes no obligation to ensure 
compliance with any legal or other principles of “Green Bonds,” as such principles may evolve over time. See 
“SECURITY FOR THE BONDS.” The terms “Climate Bond” and “Green Bonds” are neither defined in, nor related 
to the Indenture, and their use herein is for identification purposes only and is not intended to provide or imply that a 
holder of the 2025A Bonds is entitled to any additional security other than as provided in the Indenture. The SFPUC 
has no continuing legal obligation to maintain the Climate Bond certification of the 2025A Bonds. 
The designation of the 2025A Bonds as “Green Bonds” does not imply that such obligations are entitled to 
any particular advantageous treatment under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”). 
Projects to be refinanced by the 2025B Bonds and the 2025C Bonds may also be considered to be 
environmentally beneficial projects; however, because such projects are not part of WSIP, the 2025B Bonds and the 
2025C Bonds have not been certified by the CBI or designated as “Green Bonds” by the SFPUC. 
Certification by the Climate Bonds Initiative 
The CBI is an international, investor -focused non- profit organization working to focus the global bond 
market on climate change solutions through the development and promotion of an efficient green bond market. The 
CBI establishes and manages the Climate Bonds Standard (the “Climate Bonds Standard”). 
The 2025A Bonds have been certified by the CBI as “Climate Bonds Standard Certified” based on a 2016 
pre-issuance verification report from Morningstar Sustainalytics (“ Sustainalytics”), a verifier approved by the 
Climate Bonds Standard Board and retained by the SFPUC. Sustainalytics has verified that the SFPUC’s bonds issued 
to finance and refinance WSIP Green Projects meet the requirements of the Water Criteria of the Climate Bond s 
Standard. The CBI also requires post-issuance verification of compliance as part of the certification process. As such, 
the SFPUC has provided information concerning prior and anticipated capital project expenditures related to the WSIP 
(some of which does not appear in this Official Statement) to Sustainalytics. Certification of the 2025A Bonds by the 
CBI essentially reflects the alignment of the issuance with Climate Bonds Standard Version 2.1 and the explanation 
of the significance of this certification may be obtained from the CBI. 15 
 The certification of the 2025A Bonds as “Climate Bonds” by the CBI is based solely on the Climate Bonds 
Standard and does not, and is not intended to, make any representation, warranty, undertaking, express or implied, or 
give any assurance with respect to any other matter relating to the 2025A Bonds or any WSIP Green Project, including 
but not limited to this Official Statement, the transaction documents, the SFPUC or the management of the SFPUC.  
The certification of the 2025A Bonds as “Climate Bonds” by the CBI was  addressed solely to the SFPUC 
and is not a recommendation to any person to purchase, hold or sell the 2025A  Bonds and such certification does not 
address the market price or suitability of the 2025A  Bonds for a particular  investor. Each potential purchaser of the 
2025A Bonds should determine for itself the relevance of this certification. Any purchase of the 2025A Bonds should 
be based upon such investigation that each potential purchaser deems necessary. The certification also does not address 
the merits of the decision by the SFPUC or any third party to participate in any WSIP Green P roject and does not 
express and should not be deemed to be an expression of an opinion as to the SFPUC or any aspect of any WSIP Green 
Project (including but not limited to the financial viability of any WSIP Green P roject) other than with respect to 
conformance with the Climate Bonds Standard. 
In issuing or monitoring, as applicable, the certification, the CBI has assumed and relied upon and will 
assume and rely  upon the fairness, accuracy, reasonableness  and completeness in all material respects of the 
information supplied or otherwise made available to the CBI. The CBI does not assume or accept any responsibility 
or liability to any person for independently verifying (and it has not verified) such information or to undertake (and it 
has not undertaken) any independent evaluation of any WSIP Green Project or the SFPUC. In addition, the CBI does 
not assume any obligation to conduct (and it has not conducted) any physical inspection of any WSIP Green P roject. 
The certification may only be used with the 2025A Bonds and may not be used for any other purpose without the 
CBI’s prior written consent. 
The certification does not , and is not in any way intended to, address the likelihood of timely payment of 
interest when due on the 2025A Bonds and/or the payment of principal at maturity or any other date.  
The certification may be withdrawn at any time in the CBI’s sole and absolute discretion and there can be no 
assurance that such certification will not be withdrawn. The SFPUC has not undertaken to contest any such withdrawal 
or to provide notice thereof. 
The CBI is not a licensed broker -dealer or a nationally recognized statistical ratings organization. 
Certification by the CBI is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities, and such certification may be subject 
to revision or withdrawal, including, without limitation, if the SFPUC’s future capital expenditures from the proceeds 
of the 2025A  Bonds vary from the anticipated expenditures reviewed by the CBI . The SFPUC will undertake 
reasonable efforts to ensure that any adjustment of capital expenditures or other actions taken with respect to the 
2025A Bonds will not result in revision or withdrawal of the CBI’s certification; however, there can be no guarantee 
that such adjustment or other action  or a future revision to the CBI’s criteria for certifying bonds will not result in a 
withdrawal or revision of the