Green Bond Designation 
The City is designating the Series 2024 Bonds as “Green Bonds” due to what it believes are the 
environmental benefits of the Series 2024 Project.  The purpose of labeling the Series 2024 Bonds as 
“Green Bonds” is to allow investors to more easily identify that they are investing directly in bonds which 
finance such environmentally beneficial projects.  
 
6 
 
The City does not intend to obtain any outside source to certify the Series 2024 Bonds as Green 
Bonds.  The designation of the Series 2024 Bonds as Green Bonds is solely as a result of the 
determination by the City.  The term “Green Bonds” is not defined in nor related to the Resolution.  The 
use of the term in this Official Statement is sole ly for identification purposes and is not intended to 
provide or imply that any owner of any Series 2024 Bonds is entitled to any security other than as 
provided in the Resolution.  The repayment obligation of the City with respect to the Series 2024 Bonds is 
not conditioned on the satisfaction of any certificati on related to the status of the Series 2024 Bonds as 
Green Bonds.  The City does not make any representation as to the ability of the Series 2024 Bonds to 
fulfill such environmental and sustainability criteri a.  The Series 2024 Bonds may not be a suitable 
investment for investors seeking exposure to green or sustainable assets.  There is currently no market 
consensus on what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as “green” or 
“sustainable” and therefore no assurance can be provided to investors that the projects financed with 
proceeds of the Series 2024 Bonds will continue to meet investor expectations regarding sustainability 
performance. 
Use of Proceeds 
 The Series 2024 Project is comprised of the following elements: 
 
 Cemetery Brook CSO Tunnel Project. Cemetery Brook is the City’s largest and most urbanized 
drainage basin that accounts for about 75% of combined sewer overflow (“CSO”) discharges.  A 
completed engineering feasibility study concluded that a deep tunnel is the most viable method to 
execute this civil works project.  The proposed  tunnel will have an interior diameter of 
approximately 12.5 feet, be 2.25 m iles long, and be 30 to 80 feet below the surface.  The tunnel 
will have seven significant drop shaft structures to collect drainage and discharge air.  The tunnel 
will be designed with a climate change allowanc e that exceeds current industry standards. In 
addition, green infrastructure is planned to acco mmodate this project including the conversion of 
an old railroad bed into an urban bike and walking trail. Project completion is anticipated in 2028. 
The anticipated cost of this project is $230  million, of which approximately $95 million is 
expected to be financed with the proceeds of the Series 2024 Bonds. 
 Christian Brook C-2 Project . The construction of a CSO sewer separation project.  The new 
lateral drainage system will be designed with a climate change allowance that exceeds current 
industry standards.  Project completion is anticipated in 2027.  The anticipated cost of this project 
is $26.3 million, of which approximately $13.8 m illion is expected to be financed with the 
proceeds of the Series 2024 Bonds. 
 CMOMs Contract No. 5 and No. 6 Project . The construction of a sewer rehabilitation and 
upgrade project.  This will be the fifth and sixth construction contracts in the City’s 15-year old 
sewer collection management, operation and maintenance (“CMOM”) program, a formalized pro-
active sewer maintenance program , and will involve the rehabilitation of about ten miles of 
sanitary sewer pipes at various locations in th e City.  The construction method will consist of 
replacement, point repairs, lining, and point lining .  Project completion is anticipated in 2027.  
The anticipated cost of these two projects is $10 mi llion, which is expected to be financed with 
the proceeds of the Outstanding Bonds and the Series 2024 Bonds. 
 Emergency Power Upgrade Project .  The upgrade of EPD’s emergency power systems at the 
WWTP and at pump stations.  The WWTP currently has four original early-1970s oil-fired 
turbine generators.  This project will upgrade the emergency standby equipment at the WWTP to 
current technologies.  This project includes clean fuel for generators with  minimized emissions.  
Project completion is anticipated in 2027.  The antic ipated cost of this project is $20.3 million, of  
 
7 
 
which approximately $6.5 million is expected to be financed with the proceeds of the Series 2024 
Bonds. 
Process for Project Evaluation and Selection 
 EPD’s Fiscal Year 2025 approved capital impr ovement plan (“CIP”) details planned capital 
projects through Fiscal Year 2029. This includes an assessment of the capital pr ojects relative to the 
identified needs of the System.  EP D develops an annual CIP, which is  submitted to the Board of Mayor 
and Aldermen for approval.  In developing the CIP, planned capital spending on CSO related projects are 
largely enforcement driven, developed to satisfy the requirements of the Consent Decree as part of the 
Long Term Control Plan (both as more fully described under “THE SYSTEM – Governmental 
Regulation” herein).  Planned capital improvements at the WWTP ar e based on the 20-year schedule 
developed for EPD in 2010 of anticipated capital improvements for the WWTP (the “Master Plan”). EPD 
anticipates completion of the identified projects and the need for an updated Master Plan in 2030.  
Planned capital improvements to the collection system are driven by the CMOM. 
Management of Proceeds 
Pursuant to the Resolution, the net proceeds of the Series 2024 Bonds remaining after the 
deduction of issuance costs will be deposited into  a separate project account established under the 
Resolution and used to pay costs of the Series 2024 Pr oject.  Such amounts will be tracked and disbursed 
for such purpose and pending disbursement will be invested in investments prescribed by the Resolution.  
Green Bond Reporting 
EPD expects to report annually on the expenditure of the proceeds of the Series 2024 Bonds until 
the proceeds have been expended on the Series 2024 Pr oject. The report will be made available to the 
public on EPD’s website (https://www.ma nchesternh.gov/Departments/Sewer-and-
Stormwater/CSO/Supplemental-CSO-Information).  Such report is voluntary and will not be included as a 
reporting item in the Continuing Disclosure Ag reement as described under “SECONDARY MARKET 
DISCLOSURE” herein.  Failure to provide such ongoin g voluntary reports will not constitute an Event of 
Default under the Resolution, and beneficial owners of the Series 2024 Bonds will not have any remedies 
available for any such failure.