Green Bond Principles (“GBPs”) de veloped by the International Capital Markets 
Association (“ICMA”).  The GBPs were developed by the ICMA with  the goal of establishing universally accepted 
guidelines for the issuance of green Proposed Bonds, and one of the key requirements addresses the use of proceeds.  
BAM has been identified by the ICMA as an observer organization that is active in the field of green and/or social or 
sustainability finance and as a  Climate Bond Initiative approve d verifier.  The GreenStar Credit Profile prepared by 
BAM for the Proposed Bonds will identify which of the following GBP categories applies to the Proposed Bonds:  
 renewable energy 
 energy efficiency 
 pollution prevention and control  
 environmentally sustainable management of living natural resources and land use 
 terrestrial and aquatic biodiversity 
 clean transportation  
 climate change adaptation  
 sustainable water and wastewater management 
 green buildings 
 
Each of the GBPs correlates to one of the following UN Sustainable Development Goals which will also be included 
in the GreenStar Credit Profile for the Proposed Bonds:   
 clean water and sanitation 
 affordable and clean energy 
 sustainable cities and communities 
 industry innovation and infrastructure 
 responsible consumption and production 
 climate action 
 life below water 
 life on land 
 
The City makes no representation regarding the applicability of or suitability of the GreenStar designation. The term 
“GreenStar” is neither defined in, nor related to, the se curity documents relating to the Proposed Bonds. The 
GreenStar designation is solely for identification purposes and is not intended to provide or imply that the owners of 
the Proposed Bonds are entitled to any security other than that described in this official statement.  The City is under 
no contractual or other legal obligation to ensure compliance with any legal or other principles relating to  -14-
“GreenStar” designation. The City has made no commitment to provide ongoing reporting or information regarding 
the designation or compliance with the GBPs.   
 
The BAM GreenStar designation is based upon an assessment by BA M at the time of the issuance of the Proposed 
Bonds and such designation by BAM reflects only the views of BAM. BAM does not charge a fee in connection with 
the designation, does not perform an audit and undertakes no duty of due diligence or independent verification of any 
information it receives. The designation is provided on an “AS IS” basis and is based on BAM’s own investigation, 
studies, assumptions, and criteria using its reasonable best ef forts. In issuing its GreenStar designation, BAM has 
assumed and relied upon the accuracy and completeness of the information made publicly available by the City or that 
was otherwise made available to BAM.  BAM makes no representati on or warranty, express or implied, including, 
but not limited to, the accuracy, results, timeliness, completeness, merchantability or fitness for any particular purpose 
with respect to the designation.   A complete description of BAM GreenStar, and its limitations and terms of use,  are 
available on BAM’s website http s://buildamerica.com/greenstar a nd https://buildamerica. com/terms-of-use and 
incorporated herein by referen ce.  The BAM GreenStar designatio n is determined solely by BAM; it has not been 
reviewed or approved by the City of or the Underwriter for the Proposed Bonds, and the City and Underwriter assume 
no responsibility for such designation. 
 
BAM’s GreenStar designation does not and is not intended to mak e any representation or give any assurance with 
respect to any other matter relating to the Proposed Bonds and is not a recommendation to any person to purchase, 
hold, or sell the Proposed Bonds. Such labeling does not address the market price, marketability or suitability of these 
Proposed Bonds for a particular investor.   There is no assuran ce that the designation will be retained for any given 
period of time or that the designation will not be revised, sus pended, or withdrawn by BAM if, in its judgment, 
circumstances so warrant.  
 
Additional Information Available from BAM 
Credit Insights Videos. For certain BAM-insured issues, BAM produces and posts a brief Credit Insights video that 
provides a discussion of the obligor and some of the key factor s BAM’s analysts and credit committee considered 
when approving the credit for insurance.  The Credit Insights videos  are easily accessible on BAM’s website at 
www.buildamerica.com/videos. (The preceding website address is provided for convenience of  reference 
only.  Information available at such address is not incorporated herein by reference.) 
 
Credit Profiles.  Prior to the pricing of Proposed Bonds that BAM has been select ed to insure, BAM may prepare a 
pre-sale Credit Profile for those Proposed Bonds. These pre-sale Credit Profiles provide information about the sector 
designation (e.g. general obligation, sales tax); a preliminary  summary of financial information and key ratios; and 
demographic and economic data relevant to the obligor, if avail able. Subsequent to closing, for any offering that 
includes Proposed Bonds insured by BAM, any pre-sale Credit Profile will be updated and superseded by a final Credit 
Profile to include information about the gross par insured by C USIP, maturity and coupon.  BAM pre-sale and final 
Credit Profiles are easily accessible on BAM’s website at www.buildamerica.com/credit-profiles.  BAM will produce 
a Credit Profile for all Proposed Bonds insured by BAM, whether  or not a pre-sale Credit Profile has been prepared 
for such Proposed Bonds.  (The preceding website address is provided for convenience of reference only.  Information 
available at such address is not incorporated herein by reference.) 
Disclaimers.  The Credit Profiles and the Credit Insights videos and the info rmation contained therein are not 
recommendations to purchase, hold or sell securities or to make  any investment decisions. Credit-related and 
other analyses and statements in the Credit Profiles and the Credit Insights videos are statements of opinion as of the 
date expressed, and BAM assumes no responsibility to update the  content of such material.  The Credit Profiles and 
Credit Insight videos are prepared by BAM; they have not been reviewed or approved by the City of or the Underwriter 
for the Proposed Bonds, and the City and Underwriter assume no responsibility for their content. 
BAM receives compensation (an insurance premium) for the insurance that it is providing with respect to the Proposed 
Bonds. Neither BAM nor any affiliate of BAM has purchased, or committed to purchase, any of the Proposed Bonds, 
whether at the initial offering or otherwise. 
 
BOND RATING 
 
S & P  G l o b a l  R a t i n g s  ( “ S & P  G l o b a l ” )  h a s  a s s i g n e d  a  b o n d  r a t i n g  o f “ A A ”  t o  t h e  P r o p o s e d  B o n d s  w i t h  t h e  
understanding that upon delivery of the Proposed Bonds, a policy insuring the payment when due of the principal of  -15-
and interest on the Proposed Bonds will be issued by Build America Mutual Assurance Company. Such rating reflects 
only the view of S&P Global and any explanation of the signific ance of such rating may only be obtained by S&P 
Global. 
 
S&P Global Ratings (“S&P Global”) has assigned a bond rating, w ithout consideration of municipal bond insurance 
or other credit enhancement, of “AA-” to the Proposed Bonds.  Such rating reflects only the view of S&P Global and 
any explanation of the significance of such rating may only be obtained from S&P Global. 
 
The rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold the Proposed Bonds, and such rating may be subject to revision 
or withdrawal at any time by S&P Global.  Any downward revision or withdrawal of the rating may have an adverse 
effect upon the market price of th