Green Bonds designation allow investors to invest directly in bonds that 
finance environmentally beneficial projects.  
-6- 
Process for Project Evaluation and Selection 
The Sewerage System’s core purpose is to collect and deliver all sanitary sewer flows to 
intercepting sewers operated by the Milwaukee Metropolitan Sewerage District (“MMSD”), minimize 
surface flooding, and reduce the risk of basement backups in homes. All the capital projects of the 
Sewerage System relate to the green project category of sustainable wastewater management (“Green 
Projects”), which includes sustainable urban drainage and other forms of flood mitigation, as follows (the 
“Project Categories”): 
 Lining and replacement of sewer mains. 
 Maintenance of lift stations, including repair and replacement of equipment. 
 Infiltration and Inflow reduction projects to reduce rainwater infiltration into sewer mains. 
 Projects to reduce surface flooding and basement backups, including detention and retention 
projects. 
 Downspout disconnection – to further reduce rainwater entering sewer mains. 
 Water quality initiatives to reduce: total suspended solids, phosphorus, and total maximum 
daily loads. 
These Green Projects reduce sanitary sewer overflows and other untreated polluted surface water 
from reaching rivers and ultimately Lake Michigan. They contribute to the green project categories of 
pollution prevention and control, and terrestrial and aquatic biodiversity conservation (protection of 
environments). 
A portion of the revenues of the Sewerage System are used to reimburse the City for operational 
expenses of leaf and brush collection (composted waste management that reduce landfill waste) and snow 
and ice removal from streets, which keep storm water freely flowing into sewer mains. The Sewerage 
System does not finance capital needs of these surface operations.  
Use of Proceeds 
All of the proceeds of the Series 2021 Bonds will be used to either finance Green Projects or 
refinance obligations which were issued by the City to finance Green Projects.  (See “The Financing 
Plan” above.)  
Management of Proceeds 
Pursuant to the Bond Resolution, moneys in the construction fund may be invested in any security 
which is legal for the investment of funds of the City. Pursuant to 66.0603(1m)(c), Wisconsin Statutes, 
the City may invest surplus funds in the State’s local government pooled-investment fund, which the 
State has named as the Local Government Investment Pool. Unspent proceeds of the Green Bonds will be 
invested in a separate account of the City with the State’s Local Government Investment Pool holding 
only proceeds of the Green Bonds. 
Reporting 
While there are unspent proceeds of the Series 2021 Bonds, the City will provide transparent 
tracking of these funds, at least annually, until fully allocated to Green Projects. Reports will be filed on 
the EMMA and on the City’s investor website: www.MilwaukeeBonds.com.  Improvements of the 
Sewerage System are funded from a variety of sources (revenues, state loans, grants, and bond issues), 
and numerous individual projects are included within each of the Project Categories. As permitted by the 
Green Bond Principles, the spending will be reported in the aggregate by the Project Categories.  
-7- 
SECURITY 
Pledge of Revenues 
(A) The Bonds are limited special obligations of the City payable solely from and secured by 
the funds pledged therefor.  There are pledged as security for the payment of the principal and 
Redemption Price (if any) of, and interest on, the Bonds in accordance with their terms and the provisions 
of the Bond Resolution, subject only to the provisions of the Bond Resolution permitting the application 
thereof for the purposes and on the terms and conditions set forth in the Bond Resolution: (i) the proceeds 
of sale of the Series 2021 Bonds pending application thereof in accordance with the provisions of the 
Bond Resolution or of a Series Resolution (ii) the Net Revenues, and (iii) all Funds and Accounts held 
under the Bond Resolution other than (a) the Rebate Fund and (b) the Subordinate Obligation Fund, 
including the investments, if any, in such Funds and Accounts; and the bondholders shall have a lien on, 
and a security interest in, such proceeds, Net Revenues, and Funds and Accounts for such purpose and 
subject to such provisions of the Bond Resolution.  As defined in the Bond Resolution, “Net Revenues” 
means with respect to any period, the Revenues during such period less amounts required to pay 
Operation and Maintenance Expenses.  “Operation and Maintenance Expenses” means the costs and 
expenses of operating and maintaining the Sewerage System, including, without limiting the generality of 
the foregoing: (i) all expenses includable in the operation and maintenance expense accounts of the City 
relating to the Sewerage System according to generally accepted accounting principles, exclusive of debt 
service, capital expenditures, depreciation and tax equivalents; and (ii) to the extent not included in the 
preceding clause (i) or paid from the Bond proceeds or otherwise, the City’s share of the costs and 
expenses of operating and maintaining any plants and properties jointly owned with others.  Such lien and 
security interest for the payment of the Bonds shall be prior and superior to the lien and security interest 
for the payment of Subordinate Obligations.  The Bonds are additionally secured by a mortgage lien upon 
the Sewerage System, which shall be perfected by the recording of the Bond Resolution in the records of 
the City. 
(B) The pledge of, and lien on, and security interest in, the proceeds of the Series 2021 Bonds 
and the Net Revenues as received by the City and the Funds and Accounts held under the Bond 
Resolution, other than the Rebate Fund and the Subordinate Obligation Fund, shall be valid and 
irrevocable:  (i) from and after the time that, if required by State law, a financing statement is filed with 
respect to such pledge, lien and security interest as required by State law, and, upon such filing; or (ii), if 
no financing statement is so required by State law, upon delivery of the proceeds of the Series 2021 
Bonds, and all the Net Revenues as received by the City and the Funds and Accounts therein, other than 
the Rebate Fund and the Subordinate Obligation Fund, shall immediately be subject to the lien of the 
pledge without any physical delivery thereof or further act, and the lien of the pledge shall be valid as 
against, and prior to the lien of, all parties having claims of any kind in tort, contract or otherwise against 
the City, irrespective of whether such parties have notice thereof. 
(C) The Bonds shall be equally and ratably payable and secured under the Bond Resolution 
without priority by reason of date of adoption of a Series Resolution authorizing a Series of Bonds or by 
reason of their Series, number or date, date of issue, execution, authentication or sale thereof, or 
otherwise; provided, however, that nothing in the Bond Resolution shall prevent the City from affording 
any particular Series of Bonds or particular Bonds additional or different security through a support 
facility or escrow funds.  Bonds which are not a part of a Series for which an escrow fund or other funds 
and accounts have been created to provide additional or different security shall not be entitled to the 
benefits of such escrow fund or other funds and accounts except to the extent specifically provided in the 
Series Resolution authorizing such Series. 
(D) The principal and Redemption Price (if any) of, and interest on, the Bonds shall be 
payable only from the Special Redemption Fund and not from any funds of the City other than the Special 
Redemption Fund and the Bonds shall not constitute a general obligation of the City, or create a charge 
upon any other revenues or property of the City, except the Net Revenues and other moneys and