Green Bonds designation, the proceeds of the Series 2020A Bonds will be used for projects 
creating environmental benefits; a nd (2) the environmental benefits of those funded projects will be 
objectively measured and publicly reported, including to the bondholders. The second feature, relating to 
the measurement of outcomes achieved, distinguishes Environmental Impact Bonds from traditional Green 
Bonds, for which environmental benefits may be est imated initially but may not necessarily be tracked, 
verified or reported to bondholders. The City, Quantified Ventures and the Chesapeake Bay Foundation 
have developed the Project Technical Memorandum , which details the methodology behind the pre-
construction estimation and post-c onstruction evaluation of the Prim ary Outcome Metric (as defined 
below). Appendix E includes the Project Technical Memorandum.  
The repayment obligations of the City with respect to the Series 2020A Bonds are not conditioned 
on the completion of any particular project or the satisfaction of any condition relating to the status of the 
Series 2020A Bonds as Environmental Impact Bonds or Green Bonds. The City does not assume any 
obligation to ensure compliance with any legal or other principles of Green Bonds as such principles may 
evolve over time. The terms Environmental Impact  Bonds and Green Bonds are used herein for 
identification purposes only and are not intended to prov ide or imply that holders of Series 2020A Bonds 
are entitled to any additional security or benefits other than as provided in the Resolution. 
Use of Series 2020A Bond Proceeds. The Series 2020A Bonds are being issued to finance the costs 
of the Resiliency Projects, which constitute green infrastructure and flood mitigation projects identified and 
undertaken pursuant to the Resilient Hampton initiative. The initial Resiliency Projects consist of three pilot 
projects—Big Bethel Blueway, North Armistead Ave nue, and Lake Hampton—described in further detail 
below. These Resiliency Projects are climate change  adaptation and flood mitigation projects to address 
both chronic and extreme flooding in the Newmarket Creek watershed. In addition, the projects are designed 
to provide a variety of community benefits.  
Big Bethel Blueway  is a project that will store and slow water through the redesign of existing 
waterways to reduce flooding upstream in residential neighborhoods, as well as downstream in Newmarket 
Creek. A series of weirs in the main channel will be installed to allow it to partially fill up and detain water 
during a storm event. The main drainage channel, as well as the many smaller backyard drainage runnels 
that feed into it, will be expanded to increase the st ormwater storage capacity. Installing vegetation on the 
banks will aid in the slowing and infiltration of wa ter, as well as creating visual privacy for adjacent 
residential parcels. The Blueway will have several  distinctive segments along its length, based on 
ecological, topographic, and urban typologies. As th e Blueway approaches Newmarket Creek, ecological 
typologies change to recreate ones found in coastal  Virginia, where each has a different planting and 
stormwater strategy. Separate funding is anticipated  to redesign the Blueway's existing maintenance path 
to become a recreational trail and to accommodate more stormwater storage.  
North Armistead Avenue is a major route for traffic through the City and serves as a major connector 
of economic drivers like Joint Base Langley-Eustis, downtown Hampton, and the Coliseum Central district. 
In addition, North Armistead Avenue connects to ke y evacuation routes. Because the project area is low-
lying, the roadway already sees frequent flood-relate d transportation disruptions, hampering reliable 
transportation to the military base and other key economic centers, and over time, this part of the roadway 
is projected to be increasingly vulnerable to inundati on. To mitigate this flood risk, a portion of North 
Armistead Avenue between  Findley Street and the bridge  just west of Lasalle Avenue will be raised by 
several feet. In connection with the road raising, green  infrastructure will be installed to help slow, store, 
and redirect stormwater within the space adjacent to th e elevated roadway. This system will be connected 
to the drainage improvements at Lake Hampton. Separate funding is planned to establish a shared use path 
along the raised road.   
 5 
Lake Hampton will be transformed from a retention pond into a stormwater park that increases the 
site’s existing stormwater storage capacity and yields multiple benefits for the community. The project will 
raise the height of the existing dam and weir and install a series of detention basins with wetland plantings 
in a “treatment train” to slow, store, and clean r unoff from North Armistead Avenue before it enters the 
lake. Separate funding is anticipated to extend the existing Water Walk trail as a multi-use trail around the 
lake, bringing people alongside Newmarket Creek. 
Outcomes.  The Resiliency Projects are expected to create significant new stormwater storage 
capacity that will mitigate flood risks to homes and to important transportation corridors like North 
Armistead Avenue. The Primary Outcome Metric for the Resiliency Projects will be Stormwater Volume 
Storage Capacity (gallons), the maximum volume of stormwater that the Resiliency Projects can store at a 
single point in time. Stormwater Volume Storag e Capacity represents a proxy measurement of the 
Resiliency Projects’ contribution to the City’s impr oved resilience profile. The City will engage a third-
party engineering firm to produce an evaluation and verification of the environmental performance of the 
Resiliency Projects at completion of each of the three projects, including the added stormwater storage 
capacity. That report will be disclosed to holders of the Series 2020A Bonds as described in Environmental 
Impact Bond and Green Bond Reporting, below.  
As a capacity measure, the Resiliency Projects’ storage capacity represents the maximum amount 
of stormwater they can store every time it rains. This  will especially benefit the City by absorbing chronic 
runoff during those less severe, more frequent rain events. In aggregate, the Resiliency Projects are expected 
to add 8.37 million gallons of Stormwater Volume St orage Capacity, or 25.7 acre-feet. One acre-foot is 
approximately equal to filling a football field with wate r to a height of one foot. The expected stormwater 
storage capacity of the Resiliency Projects as estimated by the City’s engineers using the project design is 
shown in the table below. 
Resiliency Project Expected Added Stormwater Volume Storage Capacity, 
gallons (acre-feet) 
Big Bethel Blueway  2.70 million gallons (8.3 acre-feet) 
North Armistead Avenue Road Raising 
and Green Infrastructure 
 0.33 million gallons (1.0 acre-feet) 
Lake Hampton  5.59 million gallons (17.1 acre-feet) 
Total  8.62 million gallons (26.4 acre-feet) 
The ability of the City to achieve the calculated outcomes through the Resiliency Projects is subject 
to certain risks and factors outside of the City’s control, including but not limited to unanticipated 
geotechnical site conditions, exogenous factors such  as weather events, social or labor conditions, 
availability of project materials, and similar matters.  
The North Armistead Avenue project is also expected to provide transportation resiliency benefits 
in addition to its climate adaptation benefits. Based on the current height of the road, water levels, and past 
traffic data, the road currently experiences an average of 92 hours of flooding per year, affecting 
approximately 45,000 vehicles annually (see Appendix E). Current projections indicate the project will 
eliminate annual recurring flooding and the associated transportation disruptions. 
The Resiliency Projects will benefit Black and low- and modera