GREEN BONDS DESIGNATION.” 
The purpose of labeling the 2021A Bonds as “Green Bonds” is to allow owners of such bonds to invest in bonds that 
have financed environmentally beneficial projects. The SFPUC does not make any representation, however, as to the 
suitability of the 2021A Bonds to fulfill the environmental and sustainability criteria of particular investors. The 
2021A Bonds may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to green or sustainable assets. 
There is currently no market consensus on what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined 
as “green” or “sustainable,” and therefore no assurance can be provided to investors that the projects financed or 
refinanced by proceeds of the 2021A Bonds will meet or continue to meet investor expectations. 
The terms “Green Bonds” and “Green Projects” are neither defined in nor related to provisions in the 
Indenture or otherwise defined under State or fe deral laws. The use of such terms herein is for identification 
purposes only and is not intended to provide or imply that an owner of the 2021A Bonds is entitled to any additional 
security other than as provided in the Indenture. The SFPUC assumes no obligation to ensure that these projects 
comply with any particular principles of green projects, including as such principles may hereafter evolve. 
Secondary Market 
There can be no guarantee that there will be a secondary market for the 2021AB Bonds or, if a s econdary 
market exists, that the 2021AB Bonds can be sold for any particular price.  Occasionally, because of general market 
conditions or because of adverse developments or economic prospects connected with a particular issue, secondary 
trading practices in connection with a particular issue are suspended or terminated.  Additionally, prices of issues for 
which a market is being made will depend upon then prevailing circumstances.  Such prices could be substantially 
different from the original purchase price. 
Uncertainties of Projections, Forecasts and Assumptions 
Certain information contained in this Official Statement is based upon assumptions and projections.  
Projections and assumptions are inherently subject to significant uncertainties.  Inevitably, s ome assumptions will 
not be realized and unanticipated events and circumstances may occur and actual results are likely to differ, perhaps 
materially, from those projected.  Accordingly, such projections are not necessarily indicative of future performance , 
and the SFPUC assumes no responsibility for the accuracy of such projections.  See “FORWARD LOOKING 
STATEMENTS” on the inside front cover of this Official Statement. 
Other Risks 
The discussion in this section, “ CERTAIN RISK FACTORS ,” is not meant to be a  comprehensive or 
definitive list of the risks associated with an investment in the 2021AB Bonds.   There may be other risks inherent in 
ownership of the 2021AB Bonds in addition to those described in this section.  Investors are advised to read the 
entire Official Statement in order to obtain information necessary to make an investment in the 2021AB Bonds.   
 95