green bonds, and one of the key requirements addresses the use of proceeds.  
BAM has been identified by the ICMA as an observer organization that is active in the field of 
green and/or social or sustainability finance and as a Climate Bond Initiative approved verifier.  
The GreenStar Credit Profile prepared by BAM for the Series 2022 Senior Lien Bonds will identify 
which of the following GBP categories applies to the Series 2022 Senior Lien Bonds:  
• renewable energy 
• energy efficiency 
• pollution prevention and control  
• environmentally sustainable management of living natural resources and land use 
• terrestrial and aquatic biodiversity 
• clean transportation  
• climate change adaptation  
• sustainable water and wastewater management 
• green buildings  
-34- 
Each of the GBPs correlates to one of the following UN Sustainable Development Goals 
which will also be included in the GreenStar Credit Profile for the Series 2022 Senior Lien Bonds:   
• clean water and sanitation 
• affordable and clean energy 
• sustainable cities and communities 
• industry innovation and infrastructure 
• responsible consumption and production 
• climate action 
• life below water 
• life on land 
The Village makes no representation regarding the applicability of or suitability of the 
GreenStar designation.  The term “GreenStar” is neither defined in, nor related to, the security 
documents relating to the Series 2022 Senior Lien Bonds.  The GreenStar designation is solely for 
identification purposes and is not intended to provide or imply that the owners of the Series 2022 
Senior Lien Bonds are entitled to any security other than that described in this official statement.  
The Village is under no contractual or other legal obligation to ensure compliance with any legal 
or other principles relating to “GreenStar” designation.  The Village has made no commitment to 
provide ongoing reporting or information regarding the designation or compliance with the GBPs.   
The BAM GreenStar designation is based upon an assessment by BAM at the time of the 
issuance of the Series 2022 Senior Lien Bonds and such designation by BAM reflects only the 
views of BAM.  BAM does not charge a fee in connection with the designation, does not perform 
an audit and undertakes no duty of due diligence or independent verification of any information it 
receives.  The designation is provided on an “AS IS” basis and is based on BAM’s own 
investigation, studies, assumptions, and criteria using its reasonable best efforts.  In issuing its 
GreenStar designation, BAM has assumed and relied upon the accuracy and completeness of the 
information made publicly available by the Village or that was otherwise made available to BAM.  
BAM makes no representation or warranty, express or implied, including, but not limited to, the 
accuracy, results, timeliness, completeness, merchantability or fitness for any particular purpose 
with respect to the designation.  A complete description of BAM GreenStar, and its limitations and 
terms of use,  are available on BAM’s website https://buildamerica.com/greenstar and 
https://buildamerica.com/terms-of-use and incorporated herein by reference.  The BAM GreenStar 
designation is determined solely by BAM; it has not been reviewed or approved by the issuer of 
or the underwriter for the Series 2022 Senior Lien Bonds, and the issuer and underwriter assume 
no responsibility for such designation. 
BAM’s GreenStar designation does not and is not intended to make any representation or 
give any assurance with respect to any other matter relating to the Series 2022 Senior Lien Bonds 
and is not a recommendation to any person to purchase, hold, or sell the Series 2022 Senior Lien 
Bonds.  Such labeling does not address the market price, marketability or suitability of these Series 
2022 Senior Lien Bonds for a particular investor.   There is no assurance that the designation will 
be retained for any given period of time or that the designation will not be revised, suspended, or 
withdrawn by BAM if, in its judgment, circumstances so warrant.   
-35- 
Additional Information Available from BAM 
Credit Insights Videos.  For certain BAM-insured issues, BAM produces and posts a brief 
Credit Insights video that provides a discussion of the obligor and some of the key factors BAM’s 
analysts and credit committee considered when approving the credit for insurance.  The Credit 
Insights videos are easily accessible on BAM's website at http://www.buildamerica.com/videos.  
(The preceding website address is provided for convenience of reference only.  Information 
available at such address is not incorporated herein by reference.) 
Credit Profiles.  Prior to the pricing of bonds that BAM has been selected to insure, BAM 
may prepare a pre- sale Credit Profile for those bonds.  These pre -sale Credit Profiles provide 
information about the sector designation (e.g. general obligation, sales tax); a preliminary 
summary of financial information and key ratios; and demographic and economic data relevant to 
the obligor, if available.  Subsequent to closing, for any offering that includes bonds insured by 
BAM, any pre -sale Credit Profile will be updated and superseded by a final Credit Profile to 
include information about the gross par insured by CUSIP, maturity and coupon.  BAM pre -sale 
and final Credit Profiles are easily accessible on BAM's website at 
www.buildamerica.com/credit-profiles.  BAM will produce a Credit Profile for all bonds insured 
by BAM, whether or not a pre -sale Credit Profile has been prepared for such bonds.  ( The 
preceding website address is provided for convenience of reference only.  Information available at 
such address is not incorporated herein by reference.) 
Disclaimers.  The Credit Profiles and the Credit Insights videos and the information 
contained therein are not recommendations to purchase, hold or sell securities or to make any 
investment decisions.  Credit-related and other analyses and statements in the Credit Profiles and 
the Credit Insights videos are statements of opinion as of the date expressed, and BAM assumes 
no responsibility to update the content of such material.  The Credit Profiles and Credit Insight  
videos are prepared by BAM; they have not been reviewed or approved by the issuer of or the 
underwriter for the Series 2022 Senior Lien Bon ds, and the issuer and underwriter assume no 
responsibility for their content. 
BAM receives compensation (an insurance premium) for the insurance that it is providing 
with respect to the Series 2022 Senior Lien Bond s.  Neither BAM nor any affiliate of BAM has 
purchased, or committed to purchase, any of the Series 2022 Senior Lien Bonds, whether at the 
initial offering or otherwise.