GREEN BONDS DESIGNATION AND CLIMATE CERTIFICATION 
The 2021A Notes and the 2021B Notes are being designated by the SFPUC as “Green Notes” and the 2021A 
Bonds are being designated by the SFPUC as “Green Bonds.”  The purpose of designating the 2021AB Notes and the 
2021A Bonds (collectively, the “2021 Green Bonds”) as “Green Notes” and “Green Bonds” is to allow investors to 
invest directly in notes and bonds that finance environmentally beneficial projects (“Green Projects”).  For purposes 
of su ch determination, the SFPUC considers the projects included in the SSIP , including the Biosolids Digester 
Facilities Project and the Southeast Treatment Plant Improvements Project , to be Green Projects .  See “PLAN OF 
FINANCE,” “ESTIMATED SOURCES AND USES OF FUNDS,” and “SEWER SYSTEM IMPROVEMENT 
PROGRAM.”   
The Climate Bonds Initiative (the “ CBI”) is an international, investor -focused non -profit organization 
working to focus the global bond market on climate change solutions through the development  and promotion of an 
efficient green bond market.  The CBI has established and manages the Climate Bonds Standard (the “Climate Bonds 
Standard”) under which the 2021 Green Bonds have been certified.  All projects funded by the 2021 Green Bonds  
have been certif ied under the Climate Bonds Standard  Water Sector Criteria.  The certification of  the 2021 Green 
Bonds reflects only the views of the third-party verifier report approved by the Climate Bonds Standard Board.  The 
explanation of the significance of this certification may be obtained from the CBI.  The SFPUC has provided a third-
party verified report  to the Climate Bonds Standard Board, including information concerning prior and anticipated 
capital project expenditures related to the SSIP (some of which does not appear in this Official Statement) .  As part 
of the certification process, the SFPUC retained Sustainalytics U.S., Inc., a subsidiary of Sustainalytics Holding, B.V., 
Netherlands (collectively, (“ Sustainalytics”) to provide a third-party verification that the 2021 Green Bonds  are 
aligned with the Climate Bonds Standard.   
 The certification of the 2021 Green Bonds as “Climate Bonds” by the CBI is based solely on the Climate 
Bonds Standard and does not and is not intended to make any representation or give any assurance with respect to any 
other matter relating to the 2021 Green Bonds or any SSIP project, including but not limited to this Official Statement, 
the transaction documents, the SFPUC or the management of the SFPUC. 
The certification of the 2021 Green Bonds  by the CBI was addressed solely to the SFPUC  and is not a 
recommendation to any person to purchase, hold or sell the 2021 Green Bonds and such certification does not address 
the market price or suitability of the 2021 Green Bonds for an investor.  The certification also does not address the 
merits of the decision by the SFPUC or any third party to participate in any SSIP Green Project and does not express 
and should not be deemed to be an expression of an opinion as to the SFPUC or any aspect of any SSIP project 
(including but not limited to the financial viability of any SSIP Green Project) other than with respect to conformance 
with the Climate Bonds Standard.  
9 
 
In issuing or monitoring, as applicable, the certification, the CBI has assumed and relied upon and will 
assume and rely upon the accuracy and completeness in all material respects of the information supplied or otherwise 
made available to the CBI .  The CBI does not assume or accept any responsibility to any person for independently 
verifying (and it has not verified) such information or to undertake (and it has not undertaken) any independent 
evaluation of any SSIP Green Project or the SFPUC.  In addition, the CBI does not assume any obligation to conduct 
(and it has not conducted) any physical inspection of a SSIP Green Project.  The certification may only be used with 
the 2021 Green Bonds and may not be used for any other purpose without the CBI’s prior written consent. 
The certification does not and is not in any way intended to address the likelihood of timely payment of 
interest when due on the 2021 Green Bonds and/or the payment of principal at maturity or any other date.   
The certification may be withdrawn at any time in the CBI’s sole and absolute discretion and there can be no 
assurance that such certification will not be withdrawn. 
The CBI is not a licensed broker -dealer or a nationally recognized statisti cal ratings organization .  
Certification by the CBI is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities, and such certification may be subject 
to revision or withdrawal, including, without limitation, if the SFPUC’s future capital expenditures from the proceeds 
of the 2021 Green Bonds  vary from the anticipated expenditures reviewed by the CBI .  The SFPUC will undertake 
reasonable efforts to ensure that any adjustment of capital expenditures or other actions taken with respect to the 2021 
Green Bonds will not result in revision or withdrawal of the CBI’s certification; however, there can be no guarantee 
that such adjustment or other action or a future revision to the CBI’s criteria for certifying bonds will not result in a 
withdrawal or revision of the CBI’s certification.  The SFPUC expects to post information reflecting the expenditure 
of the proceeds of the 2021 Green Bonds on its website. 
The Indenture does not restrict the use of proceeds of future issuances of Bonds to the financing of Green 
Projects and in the future the SFPUC may issue Additional Bonds which are not designated as green bonds or certified 
by the CBI. 
The repayment obligations of the SFPUC with respect to the 2021 Green Bonds are not conditioned on the 
completion of any particular project or the satisfaction of any condition relating to the status of the 2021 Green Bonds 
or the certification of such bonds by the CBI.  The SFPUC assumes no obligation to ensure compliance with any legal 
or other principles of green bonds, as such principles may evolve over time.  See “SECURITY FOR THE BONDS.” 
SECURITY FOR THE BONDS AND REPAYMENT OF THE 2021 OBLIGATIONS 
Anticipated Repayment of Principal of 2021AB Notes 
The 2021AB Notes  are secured by a pledge of Net Revenues of the Wastewater Enterprise, as further 
described below in “– Pledge of Net Revenues.”  The SFPUC intends to pay interest on the 2021AB Notes from Net 
Revenues of the Wastewater Enterprise. The SFPUC intends to pay  principal of the 2021A Notes from the proceeds 
of one or more draws under the BDFP WIFIA Loan Agreement or from proceeds of Take-Out Obligations and to pay 
principal of the 2021B Notes from the proceeds of one or more  draws under the STPI WIFIA Loan Agree ment or 
from proceeds of Take-Out Obligations.  Disbursements under the BDFP WIFIA Loan Agreement and the STPI Loan 
Agreement are subject to various conditions.  See “OBLIGATIONS PAYABLE FROM NET REVENUES –  Water 
Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act Loans – Conditions to Disbursements under WIFIA Loan Agreements.”  If 
the SFPUC is unable to draw under the BDFP WIFIA Loan and/or the STPI WIFIA Loan or  issue the Take -Out 
Obligations, no assurance can be given that the SFPUC will have sufficient funds on hand to pay the principal of the 
2021A Notes and/or the 2021B Notes on their respective maturity date.  See “PLAN OF FINANCE,” “SECURITY 
FOR THE BONDS AND REPAYMENT OF THE 2021 OBLIGATIONS – Anticipated Repayment of Principal of 
2021AB Notes,”  “OBLIGATIONS PAYABLE FROM NET REVENUES –  Water Infrastructure Finance and 
Innovation Act Loans” and “RISK FACTORS – Availability of Funds to Pay 2021AB Notes.”  
10 
 
Pledge of Net Revenues 
General.  Under the Indenture, the SFPUC has irrevocably pledged the Net R evenues of the Wastewater 
Enterprise to the punctual payment of principal of, premium, if any, and interest on the Bonds, which consist of any 
parity revenue bonds issu