Green Bonds Designation 
Based on an independent assessment of the 202 2 Project (as defined herein) and the City's Green 
Bond Framework conducted by Moody's ESG Solutions  ("Moody's ESG") , applying environmental 
criteria, Moody's ESG  is of the opinion the 2022 A Project  and the City’s Green Bond Framework are 
aligned with the four core components of International Capital Market Association's  Green Bond 
Principles 2021.  Therefore, based on the City’s Green Bond Framework, Moody's ESG ’s opinion and the 
environmental benefits of the 202 2A Project, the City has administratively designated the 2 022A Project 
as a "green project" and has designated the 2022 A Bonds as "Green Bonds".   See "THE 202 2 PROJECT" 
and "  SECOND PARTY OPINION ON THE  SUSTAINABILITY OF THE 2022A BONDS  " herein and 
APPENDIX H attached hereto for more information. 
 
THE CITY 
Background 
The City, initially incorporated in 1855 with a second incorporation in 1887, is the largest city in 
Hillsborough County, Florida (the "County "), is the county seat, and is the third most populous city in 
Florida.  It is located on the west coast of Florid a, approximately 200 miles northwest of Miami, 180 miles 
southwest of Jacksonville, and 20 miles northeast of St. Petersburg.  The City currently occupies 113 
square miles and serves a population of approximately 384,959.  The City is empowered to levy a 
property tax on real property located within its boundaries.  It is empowered by State statute to extend its 
corporate limits by annexation, which occurs periodically when deemed appropriate by the City Council. 
City Government 
The City has operated under a  strong mayor -council form of government since 1945  and 
pursuant to the current City Charter originally adopted in 1975.  Legislative authority is vested in an 
elected City Council consisting of seven (7) members.  The City Council is responsible, among other 
things, for passing ordinances, adopting the budget, appointing committees, and approving the hiring of 
department head nominees submitted by the Mayor.  The Mayor is responsible for carrying out the 
policies and ordinances of the City Council, for overseeing the day -to-day operations of the City, for 
drafting the budget and submitting it to the City Council for approval, and for nominating department 
heads for hiring approval by the City Council.  The Mayor and all seven (7) City Council members are 
elected every four years with a term limit of two consecutive terms.  The Mayor and three City Council 
members are elected at large, and four City Council members are elected from single- member districts 
within the City.  However, the three City Council members who are chosen from one of the three at -large 3 
districts may choose to run in a single -member district, and the four  City Council members who are 
elected from a single- member district may run in an at -large district. There is no limit  on the number of 
times the City Council Member may utilize this option.  The Mayor, current members of the City Council 
and expiration of their current terms of office are: 
Mayor and City Council Members Date Term Expires 
Jane Castor, Mayor April 30, 2023 
Joseph Citro, Chair April 30, 2023 
Guido Maniscalco, Chair Pro Tem April 30, 2023 
Bill Carlson April 30, 2023 
Orlando Gudes April 30, 2023 
Amanda Lynn Hurtak April 30, 2023 
Charlie Miranda April 30, 2023 
Luis E. Viera April 30, 2023 
 
The City provides a full range of services, including police and fire protection; the construction of 
streets, and other infrastructure; including stormwater management improvements; recreation and park 
facilities, convention facilities, water, wastewater,  solid waste, and parking operations.  For more 
information, see "APPENDIX A – General Information Regarding the City of Tampa " and "APPENDIX B 
– General Purpose Financial Statements for Fisc al Year Ended September 30, 20 21" attached to this 
Official Statement. 
The annual budget serves as the foundation for the City’s financial planning and control.  All 
departments of the City are required to submit requests for appropriation to the Mayor.  The Mayor uses 
these requests as the starting point for developing  the proposed budget.  The Mayor then presents this 
proposed budget to the City Council for review prior to August 15.  The City Council is required to hold 
two public hearings on the proposed budget and to adopt a final budget no later than September 30, the 
close of the City’s Fiscal Year.   
THE 2022 PROJECT 
The 2022A Project and the 2022B Project  includes various water and wastewater capital 
improvements contained in the City’s current five year Capital Improvement Program ( "CIP") as more 
particularly described in "APPENDIX C – Form of the Bond Resolution," " APPENDIX E – Financial 
Feasibility Report" attached hereto and "CAPITAL IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM" herein. 
For a description of the  2022A Project funded with  proceeds of the 2022A Bonds that qualify as 
"green" projects, see APPENDIX H attached hereto. 
 
Based on the results of the assessment by Moody's ESG , the City will report annually on the 
allocation of proceeds to the 2022 A Project and on certain environmental outcomes of the 2022 A Project.  
See "SECOND PARTY OPINION ON THE  SUSTAINABILITY OF THE 2022A BONDS" herein, 
APPENDIX E, APPENDIX H and APPENDIX I attached hereto for more information. 4 
DESCRIPTION OF THE 2022 BONDS 
General 
The 2022 Bonds will be issued as fully registered bonds and will be registered initially in the 
name of Cede & Co., as the nominee of The Depository Trust Company, New Y ork, New York ( "DTC").  
Individual purchases of interests in the 2022 Bonds will be made in book -entry form only.  Purchasers of 
2022 Bonds ("Beneficial Owners") will not receive physical delivery of certificates.  Transfers of ownership 
interests in the 2022 Bonds will be effected through a book -entry only system as described below.  See " --
Book-Entry Only System" below. 
Interest on the 2022  Bonds will be paid by check or draft of U.S. Bank Trust Company, National 
Association, Orlando, Florida (the "Registrar" and "Paying Agent"), by mail.  Principal of the 2022  Bonds 
and redemption premium, if any, will be payable upon presentation and surrender of the 2022 Bonds at 
the designated corporate trust office of the Paying Agent.  While held in the DTC book-entry system, all 
such payments will be made to Cede & Co. as the registered Holder of the 2022  Bonds and payments 
to Beneficial Owners will be the responsibility of DTC and the DTC Participants in the manner and to 
the extent described below.  See "--Book-Entry Only System" below. 
The 2022 Bonds will be dated the date of issuance and will be in authorized denominations of 
$5,000 or any integral multiple thereof.  Interest on the 2022 Bonds will be payable semiannually 
commencing on October 1, 2022  and on each April 1 and October 1 thereafter.  The 2022 Bonds will 
mature in the amounts and on the dates set forth on the inside cover page hereof.  Ownership interests 
may be acquired in book-entry form only.  See "Book-Entry Only System" below. 
With respect to 2022 Bonds registered in the name of Cede & Co., as nominee of DTC, neither the 
City, nor the Paying Agent will have any responsibility or obligation to any DTC Participant or to any 
indirect DTC Participant.  See "--Book-Entry Only System" below for the definition of "DTC Participant." 
Redemption Provisions 
Optional Redemption of the 2022A Bonds 
The 2022A Bonds may be redeemed prior to their respective dates of maturity, at the option of 
the City, from any moneys legally available therefor, upon notice as provided in the Bond Resolution, in 
whole or in part at any time on or after October 1, 2032 and if in part, by lot within a maturity and in such 
selection of maturities as the City shall deem appropriate, at the Redempti on Price of one hundred 
percent of the principal amount of th