Green Bonds designation. 
ABOUT THE ISSUER 
The City of Seattle (“City” or “Seattle”), located in the State of Washington, is the largest city in the Pacific 
Northwest. Seattle Public Utilities (“SPU”) owns and operates various utilities, including the municipal water 
system (the “Water System”). SPU provides retail service to approximately 1.5 million people and businesses 
in Seattle and maintains wholesale contracts with 17 suburban water districts and municipalities, plus the 
Cascade Water Alliance. Water System infrastructure includes:1 
 The Cedar and South Fork Tolt supply sources; 
 Three groundwater wells; 
 Two primary water treatment plants; 
 11 booster chlorination facilities;  
 325 million gallons of treated water storage;  
 30 pump stations;  
 Approximately 1,800 miles of transmission and 
distribution system pipelines; 
 Almost 200,000 meters and service connections;  
 More than 17,000 distribution system valves;  
 About 19,000 hydrants;  
 Monitoring and control systems;  
 Various buildings and other related facilities; and 
 320 million gallons of storage capacity. 
 
 
1 “2022-2027 Proposed Capital Improvement Plan : Seattle Public Utilities  - Water,” City of Seattle , accessed July 12, 2022, 
https://www.seattle.gov/documents/Departments/FinanceDepartment/2227adoptedcip/SPUCIP.pdf.  Kestrel Verifiers | Second Party Opinion  2 
SPU’s 2019 Water System Plan highlights the organization’s sustainability efforts for the Water System. SPU 
has comprehensive conservation practices and goals, and the Bond-financed activities and projects directly 
contribute to SPU’s sustainable agenda for the Water System. 
SPU has taken a uniquely bold approach to addressing anticipated risks associated with climate change and 
has produced climate impact assessments since 2002. In the most recent iteration of the study completed 
in 2018, 40 climate change scenarios were evaluated to identify critic al improvements to avoid future 
negative impacts on supply, storage, and treatment systems. As a founding member of the national Water 
Utility Climate Alliance, SPU collaborates with 11 other large water utilities to integrate climate research and 
adaptation into operations and share key recommendations with broader stakeholders. SPU recognizes the 
potential effects of climate change and catastrophic wildfires on Seattle’s water system and regularly 
evaluates plans to increase resilience and mitigate impacts. SPU will remain engaged in future research on 
climate change by conducting periodic assessments and continuing to research effective climate adaptation 
strategies.