Green Bonds designation. 
ABOUT THE ISSUER  
The Department of Airports of the City of Los Angeles (“Department”) is a self -supporting department of 
the City of Los Angeles (the “City”), managing two airports: Los Angeles International Airport (“LAX”) and 
Van Nuys Airport. Both airports contribute significantly to the regional economy, collectively providing more 
than 4,000 jobs.  
The Department has robust environmental commitments which are addressed through energy 
management, reduction of greenhouse gas emissions, water and waste management, noise management, 
land use planning, and regulatory compliance. The 2019 Sustainability Action Plan
1 highlights the 
 
1 “Boldly Moving to Zero: Sustainability Action Plan,” Los Angeles World Airports, 2019, https://www.lawa.org/lawa-sustainability. Kestrel | Second Party Opinion  2 
Department’s history as a leader in airport sustainability and outlines ambitious plans to reach zero carbon 
emissions by 2045 and reduce environmental impacts. The Department has updated the Sustainability 
Action Plan  to align with the Los Angeles Sustainable City pLAn . Major capital projects have been 
strategically selected and designed to minimize energy use and reduce greenhouse gas emissions. In 
2019, Van Nuys Airport built the first of its solar projects and also became the first general aviation airport 
to offer sustainable alternative jet fuel. As of 2021, nearly 30,000 solar panels have been installed and over 
900,000 gallons of sustainable aviation fuel have been delivered.2  
The Department is committed to “boldly moving to zero,” meaning that both LAX and Van Nuys Airport will 
achieve net zero in the following areas by the year 2045: no potable water consumed for non-potable uses, 
zero carbon emissions from the Department’s  operations and zero waste. The Department is also 
committed to using 100% renewable electricity by 2045. Other notable programs and policies include: 
• Sustainable Design and Construction Requirements  – All new buildings and projects at the 
airports must be built to at least LEED Silver standards or the City of Los Angeles Green Building 
Code. 
• Gate Electrification – Gates at LAX have infrastructure which enables planes to use electric power 
while parked, decreasing use of jet fuel and associated emissions.  
• Ground Service Equipment Emission Reduction Policy – Ground Service Equipment Operators are 
required to meet emission reduction goals by 2031.3 
• Alternative Fuel Program at Los Angeles International Airport – All airport lessees and operators 
are required to drive vehicles that are not powered by petroleum-derived gasoline or diesel fuel. As 
of 2019, 100% of airport operators drive compliant vehicles. 
• Electric Vehicle Purchasing Policy – By 2035, 100% of vehicles purchased by the Department will 
be electric, in accordance with the Department’s Electric Vehicle Purchasing Policy.  
• Single-use Plastic Water Bottle Phase-out Policy  – The Department will not allow sale or 
distribution of single-use plastic water bottles at airports after June 2023.  
• Food Donation Program at Los Angeles International Airport – All businesses that provide or sell 
food are required to participate in a food donation program. As of 2021, nearly 15,000 pounds of 
food had been donated. 
• Los Angeles International Airport  Dunes Restoration – The Department dedicated 307 acres on 
the western portion of the airport as a natural wildlife preserve in 1986. Since then, the Department 
has planted native species, eliminated invasive plants, and removed approximately 32,000 square 
feet of hardscape including old streets and sidewalks.  
• El Segundo Blue Butterfly Habitat Management – In 1976, the US Department of Fish and Wildlife 
placed the El Segundo Blue Butterfly on the endangered species list. This butterfly was later found 
in the Los Angeles International Airport  Sand Dunes Habitat. As of 2020, the population of the 
endangered butterfly within the habitat restoration area had grown to 5,300-6,500.  
 
2 “2021 Sustainability Report,” Los  Angeles World Airports, 2021, https://cloud1lawa.app.box.com/s/
pq459i5b4qt4rtw1r2i3296tkixaigxj.   
3 The policy target is to reduce average composite Ground Support Equipment emission factors to equal to, or less than, 1.0 grams 
per horsepower-hour of hydrocarbons plus nitrogen oxides by 2030. Kestrel | Second Party Opinion  3 
The Department was  recognized as a “Business Leader in Air Quality” by the South Coast Air Quality 
Management District and awarded the 2018 Clean Air Award. The Department also received the 2018 
Green Fleet Award from the Green Fleet Awards Forum. In 2021, the Los Angeles A irport Central Utility 
Plant received the Sustainability Leadership Award for Demand Response from Los Angeles Department 
of Water and Power for reducing electricity demand during peak hours.