Green Bonds – Climate Bond Certified) (the “Series 2022A Bonds”) in the principal amount 
of $225,000,000, for the purpose of paying at matur ity, redeeming, and refunding Program Notes issued 
and outstanding as Senior Subordinated Debt, the proceeds of which were used for the purpose of  financing 
the cost of capital improvements and additions to the District’s sewer and drainage system and refinancing 
other Program Notes previously issued under the Program Note Resolution adopted on May 29, 2018. 
On June 27, 2022 the District entered into an Assistance Agreement with KIA for a loan in 
the amount of $8,270,000 to the District to rehabilitate or replace several sewer pump stations in the District. 
The loan bears interest at the rate of 2% per a nnum. Repayments will commence within twelve months 
from project completion. 
On July 25, 2022, MSD’s Board adopted a resolution imposing a 5.00% increase in 
wastewater and drainage volume and service charges and optional and quality charge rates assessed to 
commercial and industrial customers in the District ’s Jefferson County service area, effective August 1, 
2022. 
Pursuant to the terms of an Interlocal Cooperation Agreement, on July 25, 2022, the MSD 
Board approved a $2.00 reduction in the wastewat er volume charge for MSD’s Oldham County service 
area effective August 1, 2022. Star ting August 1, 2023, rate increases fo r wastewater service in Oldham 
County will not exceed 3% annually until rates for MSD’s Oldham County service area equal those for its 
Jefferson County service area. 
COVID-19 PANDEMIC 
The World Health Organization declared a pa ndemic following the outbreak of COVID-19, a 
respiratory disease caused by a new strain of coronavirus. In response to this novel coronavirus, on March 
6, 2020, the Governor of Kentucky issued Executive Order 2020-215, declaring a State of Emergency under 
KRS Chapter 39A and activating the Kentucky Emergency Operations Plan. On March 13, 2020, President 
Donald Trump declared a national emergency and made federal government funds available to help states 
and local governments fight the pandemic. The contin ued spread of COVID-19 may alter the behavior of 
businesses and individuals in a manner that will have negative effects on economic activity and therefore 
may adversely affect the financial conditions of the Commonwealth and the District, either directly or 
indirectly. 
District operations have continued, largely uninterrupted, by the pandemic. The District has taken 
measures to safeguard its employees while enabling th em to perform their work. Many administrative 
personnel are teleworking, operationa l personnel have been supplied with  personal protective equipment, 31 
 
and the District has made other modifications following CDC guidelines that enable it to continue to provide 
wastewater treatment, drainage and flood protection to the community.  
As the federal, state, and local governments, including the District, continue efforts to contain and 
limit the spread of COVID-19, reve nue collections may deviate from historical or anticipated collections 
and may have an adverse impact on the financial positi on and operations of the District to a degree that 
cannot currently be estimated. As of June 30 2022 , MSD has $118 million of unrestricted operating cash 
and investments on hand, which is expected to be adequate to fund essential services and make timely debt 
service payments. In addition, MSD can issue Program Notes to provide short-term funding for its capital 
improvement program. The District, however, is not able to predict and makes no representations as to the 
future economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the District, the operations of the District, or the 
financial position of the District. 
Certain statements contained in this Official Statement are “forward-looking statements.” 
Particularly because of the evolving nature of the current public health crisis, no assurances can be given 
that any projected future results described herein will be achieved, and actual results may differ materially 
from the projected future results described herein. In this respect, the words “estimate,” “forecast,” 
“project,” “anticipate,” “expect,” “intend,” “believe,” “budget” and similar expressions are intended to 
identify forward-looking statements. All projections , forecasts, assumptions and other forward-looking 
statements in this Official Statement are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement.