Green Bonds designation. 
ABOUT THE ISSUER 
The Department of Airports of the City of Los Angeles (“Department”) is a self- supporting department of 
the City of Los Angeles (the “City”) that manages two airports: Los Angeles International Airport and Van 
Nuys Airport. Both airports contribute significantly to the regional economy, collectively providing more than 
3,000 jobs in 2021. The Los Angeles Economic Development Corporation estimated that each international 
flight landing at Los Angeles International Airport was worth up to $623 million in economic activity resulting 
from passengers, cargo, employment and operational activities.1 In 2019, Los Angeles International Airport 
served more than 88 million passengers.2  
 
1 “Airport Basics,” Los Angeles World Airports, accessed January 21, 2022, https://www.lawa.org/lawa-our-lax/airport-basics.  
2 “10-Year Summary of Passengers,” Los Angeles World Airports, accessed January 7, 2022, https://www.lawa.org/lawa- investor-
relations/statistics-for-lax/10-year-summary/passengers.  
I-3 
Kestrel Verifiers | Second Party Opinion  2 
In 2021, the Department received recognition for its sustainability practices, including being the Aviation 
Winner at California Transportation Foundation’s Transportation Awards. The Los Angeles International 
Airport received a Civic Award from the US Green Building Council of Los Angeles, which recognizes 
exceptional achievements in sustainable building. Los Angeles International Airport also received an Honor 
Award in the 2022 Engineering Excellence Awards competition by the American Council of Engineering 
Companies California.
3 
The Department has robust environmental commitments which are addressed through energy management, 
reduction of greenhouse gas emissions, water and waste management, noise management, land use 
planning, and regulatory compliance. The 2019 Sustainability Action Plan
4 highlights the Department’s 
history as a leader in airport sustainability and outlines plans to reach zero carbon emissions by 2045 and 
reduce environmental impacts. The Department has updated its Sustainability Action Plan to align with the 
Los Angeles mayor’s updated Sustainable City pLAn.
5 Major capital projects have been strategically selected 
and designed to minimize energy use and reduce the Department’s carbon footprint. In 2019, Van Nuys 
Airport built the first of its solar projects and became the first general aviation airport to offe r sustainable 
alternative jet fuel. Other notable programs and policies of the Department include:  
 Sustainable Design and Construction Requirements – All new buildings and projects at the airports 
must be built to at least LEED Silver standards or the Los Angeles City Green Building Code.  
 Alternative Fuel Program at Los Angeles International Airport – All airport lessees and operators are 
required to drive vehicles that are not powered by petroleum -derived gasoline or diesel fuel. As of 
2019, 100% of airport operators drive compliant vehicles.  
 Electric Vehicle Purchasing Policy – Adopted in 2017, the Electric Vehicle Purchasing Policy aims to 
improve air quality in and around the airports as the Department increases electric vehicle purchases 
to 100% by 2035.   
 Single-use Plastic Water Bottle Phase -out Policy – Beginning in June 2023, the Department will no 
longer allow sale or distribution of single-use plastic water bottles at airports.   
 Food Donation Program at Los Angeles International Airport – All businesses that provide or sell 
food are required to participate in a food donation program.   
 Los Angeles International Airport Dunes Restoration – The Department began the Los Angeles 
International Airport Sand Dunes Restoration Project in 1986 by dedicating 307 acres on the western 
portion of the airport as a natural wildlife preserve. Since then, the Department has planted native 
species, eliminated invasive plants, and removed approximately 32,000 square feet of hardscape 
including old streets and sidewalks.   
 El Segundo Blue Butterfly Habitat Management – In 1976, the US Department of Fish and Wildlife 
placed the El Segundo Blue Butterfly on the endangered species list. This butterfly was later found 
in the Los Angeles International Airport Sand Dunes H abitat. As of 2020, populations of the 
endangered butterfly within the habitat restoration area had grown to 5,300-6,500.   
 Ground Support Equipment Emissions Reduction Policy – This program, developed in 2015, reduces 
emissions from aircraft support equipment such as tractors, tugs, tows, catering trucks, belt loaders, 
and fuel trucks. One year after implementation of the policy, 40% of the Los Angeles International 
Airport’s ground support vehicles were fully electric. The transition to an electrified fleet has led to 
reduced emissions and the Department exceeded its goal five years ahead of the deadline.  
 Airport Carbon Accreditation – The Los Angeles International Airport is one of only 17 airports in the 
US to receive the Level 3 ‘Optimization’ accreditation from Airport Carbon Accreditation, the only 
institutionally endorsed, airport-specific, global carbon management certification pr ogram. Airport 
Carbon Accreditation provides airports with a  common framework for active carbon management 
with measurable goals.  
 
3 “2021 Sustainability Report,” Los Angeles World Airports, 2021, https://cloud1lawa.box.com/s/pq459i5b4qt4rtw1r2i3296tkixaigxj.  
4 “Boldly Moving to Zero: Sustainability Action Plan,” Los Angeles World Airports, 2019, https://www.lawa.org/lawa-sustainability.  
5 “Sustainable City pLAn,” City of Los Angeles, 2019, https://plan.lamayor.org/. 
I-4 
Kestrel Verifiers | Second Party Opinion  3 
ALIGNMENT TO GREEN STANDARDS6 
Use of Proceeds 
The proceeds of the Series 2022GI Bonds will be used to pay or reimburse 
the Department for a portion of the costs of sustainable infrastructure and 
terminal modernizations at the Los Angeles International Airport  
(collectively, the “Projects”). All bond-financed building modernizations are 
expected to achieve at least LEED Silver certification and align with 
sustainability goals of the Department and the City of Los Angeles. The 
Automated People Mover (“APM”) project will alleviate traffic congestion, 
increase access to public transit, and reduce  associated greenhouse gas 
emissions. The Series 2022GI Bonds align with the Green Buildings and 
Clean Transportation eligible categories under the Green Bond Principles. 
North Terminal Improvement Pro ject: Proceeds from  the Series  2022 G Bonds  will partially finance 
replacement of Terminal 3 in partnership with Delta Air Lines. Construction of Terminal 3 will achieve LEED 
Silver certification at a minimum, and will include energy saving technologies in escalators, high efficiency 
LED lighting and sensors to reduce energy use for lighting. Low-flow water fixtures will reduce water use by 
45% relative to the baseline as per LEED criteria, and 75% of construction and demolition waste  will be 
diverted from landfills. Terminal 3 is expected to achieve at least a 26% improvement in energy efficiency 
due to a high -performance building envelope. 7 The overall project includes construction of a walkway 
between Terminal 3 and the Tom Bradley International Terminal, areas to access the Automated People 
Mover, addition of new gates, expansion of passenger seating areas, upgrades to restrooms, and space for 
concessions. Construction is expected to be completed in Q3 2023. 
Terminal 4 Modernization Program: Proceeds from the Series 2022G Bonds will also finance improvements 
to Terminal 4, where American Airlines currently operates. The project is designed to achieve a LEED Silver 
certification and includes consolidation of 30 gates to i mprove passenger movement; a new connection 
between Terminals 4 and 5 ; and offices for airlines, the Transportation Security Administration, and law 
enforcement agen