GREEN BONDS DESIGNATION AND CLIMATE CERTIFICATION 
The 2023A Bonds and the 2023C Bonds are being designated by the SFPUC as “Green Bonds.”  The purpose 
of designating the 2023A Bond s and the 2023C Bonds as “Green Bonds” is to allow investors to invest directly in 
notes and bonds that finance the cost of environmentally beneficial projects (“ Green Projects”).  For purposes of 
such determination, the SFPUC considers the projects included in the SSIP t o be Green Projects .  See “PLAN OF 
FINANCE,” “ESTIMATED SOURCES AND USES OF FUNDS,” and “SEWER SYSTEM IMPROVEMENT 
PROGRAM.”   
The Climate Bonds Initiati ve (the “ CBI”) is an international, investor -focused non -profit organization 
working to focus the global bond market on climate change solutions through the development  and promotion of an 
efficient green bond market.  The CBI has established and manages the Climate Bonds Standard (the “Climate Bonds 
Standard”) under which the 2023A Bond s and the 2023C Bonds have been certified  upon verification from 
Sustainalytics (as defined and further described below) .  All projects funded by the 2023A Bonds and the 202 3C 
Bonds have been certified under the Climate Bonds Standard  Water Sector Criteria.  The certification of the 2023A 
Bonds and the 2023C Bonds reflects only the views of the third-party verifier report approved by the Climate Bonds 
Standard Board.  The explanation of the significance of this certification may be obtained from the CBI.  The SFPUC 
has provided a third -party verified report  to the Climate Bonds Standard Board , including information concerning 
prior and anticipated capital project expenditures related to the SSIP (some of which does not appear in this Official 
Statement).  As part of the certification process, the SFPUC retained Sustainalytics U.S., Inc., a sub sidiary of 
Sustainalytics Holding, B.V., Netherlands (collectively, “ Sustainalytics”), to provide a third-party verification that 
the 2023A Bonds and the 2023C Bonds are aligned with the Climate Bonds Standard.   
 The certification of the 2023A Bonds and the 2023C Bonds as “Climate Bonds” by the CBI is based solely 
on the Climate Bonds Standard and does not and is not intended to make any representation or give any assurance 
with respect to any other matter relating to the 2023A Bonds, the 2023C Bonds or any SSIP project, including but not 
limited to this Official Statement, the transaction documents, the SFPUC or the management of the SFPUC. 
The certification of the 2023A Bonds and the 2023C Bonds by the CBI is addressed solely to the SFPUC and 
is not a recommendation to any person to purchase, hold or sell the 2023A Bonds or the 2023C Bonds and such 
certification does not address the market price or suitability of the 2023A Bonds or the 2023C Bonds for an investor.  
The certification also does not address the merits of the decision by the SFPUC or any third party to participate in any 
SSIP Green Project and does not express and should not be deemed to be an expression of an opinion as to the SFPUC 
or any aspect of any SSIP project (including but not limited to the financial viability of any SSIP Green Project) other 
than with respect to conformance with the Climate Bonds Standard. 
In issuing or monitoring, as applicable, the certification, the CBI has assumed and relied upon and will 
assume and rely upon the accuracy and completeness in all material respects of the information supplied or otherwise 
made available to the CBI .  The CBI does not assume or accept any responsibility to any person for independently 
verifying (and it has not verified) such information or to undertake (and it has not undertaken) any independent 
evaluation of any Green Project or the SFPUC.  In addition, the CBI does not assume any obligation to conduct (and 
it has not conducted) any physical inspection of a SSIP Green Project .  The certification may only be used with the 
2023A Bonds and the 2023C Bonds and may not be used for any other purpose without the CBI’s prior written consent. 
The certification does not and is not in any way intended to address the likelihood of timely payment of 
interest when due on the 2023A Bonds, the 2023C Bonds  and/or the payment of principal at maturity or any other 
date.   
The certification may be withdrawn at any time in the CBI’s sole and absolute discretion and there can be no 
assurance that such certification will not be withdrawn. The SFPUC has not undertaken to contest any such withdrawal 
or to provide notice thereof. 
The CBI is not a licensed broker -dealer or a nationally recognized statistical ratings organization .  
Certification by the CBI is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities, and such certification may be subject 
to revision or withdrawal, including, without limitation, if the SFPUC’s future capital expenditures from the proceeds 
of the 2023A Bonds or the 2023C Bonds vary from the anticipated expenditures reviewed by the CBI .  The SFPUC  
12 
will undertake reasonable eff orts to ensure that any adjustment of capital expenditures or other actions taken with 
respect to the 2023A Bonds and the 2023C Bonds will not result in revision or withdrawal of the CBI’s certification; 
however, there can be no guarantee that such adjustm ent or other action or a future revision to the CBI’s criteria for 
certifying bonds will not result in a withdrawal or revision of the CBI’s certification .  The SFPUC expects to post 
information reflecting the expenditure of the proceeds of the 2023A Bonds and the 2023C Bonds on its website. 
The Indenture does not restrict the use of proceeds of future issuances of Bonds to the financing of Green 
Projects and in the future the SFPUC may issue Additional Bonds which are not designated as green bonds or certified 
by the CBI. 
The repayment obligations of the SFPUC with respect to the 2023A Bonds and the 2023C Bonds are not 
conditioned on the completion of any particular project or the satisfaction of any condition relating to the status of the 
2023A Bonds or the 2023C Bonds or the certification of such bonds by the CBI.  The SFPUC assumes no obligation 
to ensure compliance with any legal or other principles of green bonds, as such principles may evolve over time.  See 
“SECURITY FOR THE BONDS.” 
The terms “Climate Bond” and “green bonds” are neither defined in, nor related to the Indenture, and their 
use herein is for identification purposes only and is not intended to provide or imply that a holder of the 2023A Bonds 
or the 2023C Bonds is entitled to any additional security other than as provided in the Indenture. The SFPUC has no 
continuing legal obligation to maintain the Climate Bond certification of the 2023A Bonds or the 2023C Bonds. 
The designation of the 202 3A Bonds or the 2023C Bonds as “Green Bonds” does not imply that such 
obligations are entitled to any particular advantageous treatment under the Code. 
United Nations Sustainable Development Goals 
Impacts from SSIP projects financed by the SFPUC’s Green Bo nds are also aligned with several United 
Nations Sustainable Development Goals (“UN SDG”). By reference to the International Capital Market Association 
(“ICMA”) “Green and Social Bonds: A High -Level Mapping to the Sustainable Development Goals” (June 2020) , 
the projects refinanced by the 2023A Bonds and the 2023C Bonds primarily aim to address the following goals : 3 
(Good Health and Well- being), 6 (Clean Water and Sanitation), 9 (Industry, Innovation and Infrastructure), 11 
(Sustainable Cities and Communities), 13 (Climate Action), and 14 (Life Below Water).  
As promulgated by the ICMA and most recently updated in June 2021, the “Green Bond Principles” have 
four core components (Use of Proceeds, Process for Project Evaluation and Selection, Management of Proceeds, and 
Reporting), each of which are further described below. 
Use of Proceeds  
A portion of the proceeds o f the 2023A Bonds will  (i) finance certain capit