Green Bonds designation. 
ABOUT THE ISSUER 
The City of Tacoma (“City” or “Tacoma”) is the third largest city in the State of Washington. Within the City 
government, Tacoma Public Utilities is the largest department and includes Tacoma Power, Tacoma 
Water, and Tacoma Rail. Tacoma Power was originally formed in 1893 after the City purchased water and 
electric utility properties from the former Tacoma Water and Light Company. Tacoma Power is now the 
fourth largest public power utility in Washington and is divided into the following units: (1) Power 
Administration, (2) Generation, (3) Power Management, (4) Power Shared Services, (5) Transmission and 
Distribution, (6) Rates, Planning and Analysis, and (7) Utility Technology Services.  
 
Kestrel | Second Party Opinion 2 
Tacoma Power’s first hydroelectric generation facility was built in 1912. As of 2022, the Tacoma Power 
hydroelectric system operates four hydroelectric generation projects with seven hydroelectric dams. 
Generation projects include: 
• Cowlitz River Project including the Mayfield Dam and the Mossyrock Dam;  
• Nisqually River Project including the Alder Dam and LaGrande Dam;  
• Cushman Hydroelectric Project consisting of two dams located on the Skokomish River; and  
• Wynoochee River Project consisting of a powerhouse and flood-control dam.  
These hydroelectric projects are located on four rivers in Washington with dams that store and release 
water through turbines which generate electricity for customers that is 100% clean hydroelectric power. In 
addition, the Nisqually River Project is certified by the Low Impact Hydropower Institute as a hydropower 
project that meets eight environmental, cultural, and recreational criteria including presence of ecological 
flow regimes that support healthy habitats, safe and effective fish passage, and protection of threatened 
and endangered species. 
Tacoma Power maintains licenses issued by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission for its projects. 
The system includes 352 miles of transmission facilities and 2,036 miles of distribution facilities to provide 
contracted wholesale transmission to small utilities and to service approximately 188,000 customer 
accounts. In 2022, Tacoma Power’s hydroelectric resources provided approximately 38% of the utility’s 
total energy supply. To meet energy demands, Tacoma Power also acquires power through power 
purchase contracts and market purchases. Tacoma Power demonstrates a strong commitment to 
minimizing greenhouse gas emissions by purchasing clean and renewable resources such as hydropower 
and wind. In 2021, Tacoma Power’s fuel mix was 98% carbon free.1 In 2020, Tacoma Power completed a 
Transportation Electrification Plan which established a goal to increase electric loads by an average of 10 
megawatts by 2030 to support electrification in the transportation sector. Since the plan was published, 
Tacoma Power has hosted educational events, assisted in installation of 12 DC fast chargers, and 
supported other electrification efforts in the region.  
In addition to supplying electricity and supporting decarbonization efforts, Tacoma Power supports 
responsible natural resource management by working to recover and provide opportunity to fisheries and 
conserving over 20,000 acres of protected wildlife habitat. Tacoma Power works with state, federal, and 
Tribal partners to manage forestlands based on forest health indices and biodiversity, rather than 
single-species management strategies. The Federal Energy Regulatory (“FERC”) Plans associated with the 
four FERC licenses outline capital projects that support fish passage, maintain instream flow to ensure fish 
survival, and monitor native fish species. Successful fisheries programs have been expanded to adjacent 
watersheds in collaboration with our partners. Additionally, initiatives are ongoing to improve coordinated 
land management to mitigate wildfire risks. Multiple wildlife and watershed protection projects aim to 
ensure healthy habitats for native wildlife and plants: 
• Cowlitz Wildlife Area is a designated wildlife area owned by Tacoma Power that covers about 
14,000 acres of forests, wetlands, lowland valleys, and riparian habitats, and includes the 20-mile-
long Peterman Hill Trail for recreational use; 
 
1 2% of the fuel mix is unspecified sources.  
 
Kestrel | Second Party Opinion 3 
• Nisqually River Project Wildlife Lands includes protections to the Nisqually River Basin, such as 
preservation of the river corridor downstream of LaGrande Dam, and visual markers on power lines 
for birds; 
• Wynoochee River Project enhances 1,000 acres of high-quality forage area for elk; and 
• Cushman Project Wildlife Lands conserves almost 3,000 acres of habitat for birds and other 
wildlife. 
ALIGNMENT TO GREEN STANDARDS 2 
Use of Proceeds 
The 2024A Bonds refinance capital improvements to the electric system by 
repaying the Electric System Subordinate Revenue Note, Series 2021 (the “2021 
Note”). The capital improvements financed by the 2021 Note support Tacoma 
Power’s hydropower system—a renewable system that has minimal greenhouse gas emissions, prioritizes 
climate resiliency and environmental restoration, and expands community access to electricity. Tacoma 
Power integrates fish passage and watershed stewardship to minimize environmental risks associated 
with hydroelectric facilities. The bond-financed improvements are eligible green projects as defined by the 
Renewable Energy project category. 
Tacoma Power operations and the financed projects improve the hydroelectric system which provides 
renewable electric service to the region. Several capital improvements have significant environmental 
benefit and are highlighted in Table 1 in Appendix B. Hydropower is a clean alternative to fossil fuel power 
generation and thus supports climate change mitigation. Although some hydropower systems have been 
associated with negative environmental impacts, Tacoma Power ensures that the system mitigates risks 
to surrounding natural land and wildlife through focused initiatives and projects, some of which were 
directly financed by the 2021 Note to be repaid with the 2024A Bonds. 
In addition to maintenance and improvements to renewable energy generation infrastructure, the 2021 
Note financed fish passage improvement projects and advanced metering infrastructure. Certain 
advanced metering and infrastructure projects have been prioritized based on the City’s Equity Index which 
identifies areas with historically low investment. Bond-financed capital improvements fall under the 
following categories defined by Tacoma Power: General Plant, Generation, Transmission & Distribution, 
and Utility Technology Services. Projects in these categories include, but are not limited to:  
• Distribution network improvements (e.g. replacement or repair of underground and overhead 
cables and poles)  
• Advanced metering infrastructure that improves energy management capabilities 
• Substation and transformer replacement and upgrades  
• Remodel of the Cowlitz Trout Hatchery  
• Modification of the Mayfield Fish Passage  
• Modernization of water treatment system at the Cowlitz Trout Hatchery  
• Voltage optimization at substations for energy savings  
 
2 Green Bonds are any type of debt instrument where the proceeds will be exclusively applied to finance or refinance eligible Green 
Projects which are aligned with the four core components of ICMA Green Bond Principles. 
 
 
Kestrel | Second Party Opinion 4 
• Repairs to barrier dams  
• Infrastructure for debris removal at reservoirs  
• LED lighting projects  
• Security upgrades  
Net Zero Alignment 
Because they finance infrastructure for delivery of clean electricity, the 2024A Bonds are aligned with net 
zero greenhouse gas emission goals. The Tacoma Power emissions factor is 0.023 MTCO 2e per MWh. 3 
Electricity production is the third highest source of greenhouse gas emissions in the St