Green Bonds designation. 
ABOUT THE ISSUER 
The Town of Gilbert, Arizona (“Town” or “Gilbert”) is located in Maricopa County, southeast of Phoenix and 
just north of the Gila River Indian Community. As of 2021, Gilbert has a population of more than 270,000. 
The Town’s Public Works Department provides water and wastewater services. Water supply sources for the 
Town are diverse and include the Colorado River (through the Central Arizona Project), the Salt and Verde 
Rivers (through the Salt River Project) and groundwater wells.1 Drinking water is treated at the North Water 
Treatment Plant which receives water from the Salt and Verde Rivers and has a current treatment capacity 
of 45 million gallons per day (“MGD”). Drinking water is also treated at the Santan Vista Water Treatment 
Plant, which is operated in partnership with the neighboring City of Chandler and has a treatment capacity 
of 48 MGD— of which up to 24 MGD is available to Gilbert. Santan Vista receives water from the Colorado 
River, which is in a Tier 1 shortage .2 Additionally, since 1985, the Town has used treated wastewater to 
support its  reclaimed water supply . Approximately half of the Town’s treated w astewater is used  for 
irrigation, while the other half is used for groundwater recharge via three percolation basins (Riparian 
 
1 The Salt River Project was established in the early 1900s as a public power and water utility that impounds water in a 13,000 square 
mile watershed and operates six reservoirs on the Salt and Verde River watersheds to supply water to Phoenix and surrounding areas. 
The Central Arizona Project is designed to deliver approximately 1.5 million acre-feet of water from the Colorado River to central and 
southern Arizona. 
2 “Colorado River Shortage: 2022 Fact Sheet,” Arizona Department of Water Resources, accessed April 28, 2022, 
https://new.azwater.gov/sites/default/files/media/ADWR-CAP-FactSheet-CoRiverShortage-081321.pdf. In 2021, the Colorado River 
was declared a Tier 1 shortage by the US Secretary of the Interior. The shortage went into effect in 2022 and will lead to a reduction 
in Arizona’s share of the Colorado River. While the reductions are primarily anticipated to impact agricultural users, the Town is taking 
action to reduce water use.   
Kestrel Verifiers | Second Party Opinion  2 
Preserve, Neely Recharge Facility, and the South Area Recharge Facility) and one injection well. As of 2020, 
these sites have collectively recharged more than 55 billion gallons of reclaimed water.3  
Programs to support responsible water use within the community and raise awareness of water resources 
stewardship are emphasized by the Town of Gilbert. The Water Wise Program encourages local businesses, 
schools, homeowner’s associations, churches, hotels and apartment complexes  to promote responsible 
water consumption and conservation. Through this program, organizations are recognized for being within 
120% of their annual landscape water budget. The ongoing Automated Metering Infrastructure program is 
also a crucial component of the Town’s water conservation goals: all residential and commercial customers 
are expected to have automated meters by 2025. Moreover, the Town’s water rate structure incentivizes 
water conservation through incremental rates associated with increased water use. To maintain sustainable 
growth and development, the Town has established a Water Allocation Policy which limits the total amount 
of water that may be used on each parcel of land. The Policy, rate structures, active monitoring of landscape 
irrigation, efficient water fixtures, water efficient landscaping, education workshops and Residential Water 
Efficiency Checkups all contribute to the Town’s exemplary water conservation efforts. 
ALIGNMENT TO GREEN STANDARDS4 
Use of Proceeds 
The Bonds will be used to finance upgrades and expansion of the North 
Water Treatment Plant, other improvements to the Town’s water system, 
(collectively “System Improvements” or “Projects”) and pay costs of 
issuance. The Projects will enable sustainable growth in the Town’s drinking 
water system  by improving reliability and operational efficiency . The 
System Improvements are eligible projects as defined by the Green Bond 
Principles in the Sustainable Water Management project category.   
The Bonds finance multiple projects for the water system  which are all included in the adopted 
2022-2031 Capital Improvement Plan. A list of anticipated bond-financed projects is provided in Appendix B. 
Projects will reduce the use of groundwater as a water source, improve system resilience by maintaining a 
diverse water portfolio, address water treatment needs as a result of changing water qua lity from the Salt 
River Project and Central Arizona Project, and accommodate population growth. Construction of the Projects 
is expected to be complete by 2026. 
The North Water Treatment Plant (“NWTP”) project and other projects financed by the Bonds are forward-
looking projects that demonstrate Gilbert’s long-term vision for sustainable growth.  The Town uses pilot 
projects to evaluate scenarios, solutions and optimizations . Because it lacks claims to any more historic 
water rights, is located in a water scarce region, and is experiencing a significant population increase, the 
Town has pursued projects that maximize water supply reliability,  system redundancy, and water use 
efficiency. 
North Water Treatment Plant: Upgrades and reconstruction of the NWTP is the largest project to be financed 
by the Bonds. As one of the Town’s two drinking water treatment plants, reconstruction of the facility is 
necessary to accommodate population growth, address structural deficiencies at the existing plant, improve 
treatment capabilities and address changes in water quality (due to the effects of wildfires and droughts). 
As a result of the upgrades, the NWTP will increase production from 45 million gallons per day (“MGD”) to 
60 MGD. Currently the Town periodically forgoes drawing from its Salt River Project water allotment because 
of water quality concerns and instead must rely on groundwater resources.  The new facility will have the 
capability to treat trihalomethanes5 which are naturally occurring in Salt River Project water, thereby allowing 
the Town to use less groundwater and support the long-term sustainability of the local aquifer.  
 
3 “Reclaimed Water,” Town of Gilbert, Arizona, website, accessed April 22, 2022, https://www.gilbertaz.gov/departments/public-
works/water/water-resources/reclaimed-water.  
4 Green Bonds are any type of bond instrument where the proceeds  will be exclusively applied to finance or refinance eligible Green 
Projects which are aligned with the four core components of ICMA’s Green Bond Principles. 
5 “Trihalomethanes in Public Water and Health,” Iowa Public Health Tracking Portal, accessed April 25, 2022, 
https://tracking.idph.iowa.gov/Environment/Public-Drinking-Water/Public-Water-and-Health/TTHM-in-Public-Water-and-Health. 
Green Standard 
 
 
Eligible Project Category: 
 Sustainable Water 
Management 
 
Kestrel Verifiers | Second Party Opinion  3 
Transmission and Distribution:  Design and construction of new distribution pipelines are essential for 
efficient operation and resilience. Periodic maintenance and replacement are best management practices 
and critical to water loss prevention.  
Reservoirs: The Bonds also fund construction of a new 2.7-million-gallon aboveground reservoir to increase 
storage redundancy. The reservoir project involves construction of the new reservoir, rehabilitating 
infrastructure from an existing aboveground steel reservoir, and construction of an onsite treatment system 
for nitrates. In addition to i mproving water supply resilience, the projects improve water quality thereby 
allowing the Town to better utilize its existing supply.  
Water Rights: The Bonds finance the acquisition of surface water rights through two