Green Bond Designation and Disclaimer  
For over 20 years, Kestrel has been consulting in sustainable finance. Kestrel is an Approved Verifier accredited by 
the C limate Bonds Initiative and an Observer for the ICMA Green Bond Principles  and Social Bond Principles . 
Kestrel reviews transactions in all asset classes worldwide for alignment with ICMA Green Bond Principles, Social 
Bond Principles, Sustainability Bond Guidelines and the Climate Bonds Initiative Standards and criteria.  
 
The Second Party Opinion issued by Kestrel does not and is not intended to make any representation or give any 
assurance with respect to any other matter relating to the Bonds. Second Party Opinions provided  by Kestrel are not 
a recommendation to any person to purchase, hold, or sell the Bonds and designa tions do not address the market 
price or suitability of the Bonds for a particular investor and do not and are  not in any way intended to address the 
likelihood of timely payment of interest or principal when due. The Second Party Opinion  may be withdrawn at any 
time in the sole and absolute discretion of Kestrel and there is no assurance that the Second Party Opinion  will not 
be withdrawn. 
 
In issuing the Second Party Opinion, Kestrel has assumed and relied upon the accuracy and completeness of the 
information made publicly available by the City or that was otherwise made available to Kestrel.  
 
Despite the Second Party Opinion being provided by Kestrel, it should be noted that there is currently no clearly 
defined regulatory definition applicable to the Bonds, as to what constitutes a “ green” or equivalently labelled 
project. No assurance can be given that such a clear regulatory definition will develop over time, or that, if 
developed, it will include the projects to be refinanced with the proceeds of the Bonds. Accordingly, no assurance is 
or can be given to investors that any uses of the Bonds will meet investor expectations regarding such “green” or 
other equivalently labeled performance objectives or that any adverse environmental and other impacts will not 
occur during the construction or operation of projects to be refinanced with Bond proceeds. 
No representation is made by the City or the Board as to the suitability of any Bonds to fulfill Green Bond criteria 
required by prospective investors.  Each potential purchaser of Bonds should determine for itself the relevance of 
the information contained or referred to herein or in the Bond Ordinance, including regarding the intended use of 
the Bond proceeds.  Any purchase of Bonds should be based upon such investigation as the purchaser deems 
necessary.