Green Bonds designation. 
ABOUT THE ISSUER  
The City of Atlanta (the “City”), the capital of and most populous city in the State of Georgia, is at the center 
of the sixth largest metropolitan statistical area in the United States. The Hartsfield -Jackson Atlanta 
International Airport (the “Airport” or “ATL”), owned by the City  and operated by the City of Atlanta 
Department of Aviation (the “Department of Aviation” or “Department”), is the busiest passenger airport in 
the world, serving more than 100 million passengers annually.1 The Airport generates significant economic 
activity in the region and directly supports more than 63,000 jobs.2 The Airport terminal complex comprises 
seven concourses and 196 gates connected by the underground Plane Train. The Airport also provides an 
international shuttle connector, ground transportation, a rental car center, the ATL SkyTrain, and access to 
public transportation through the Metropolitan Atlanta Rapid Transit Authority (MARTA). 
 
1 ATL served 104.7 million passengers in 2023.  “Monthly Airport Traffic Report,” Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport, 
December 2023, https://www.atl.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/ATL-ATR-2312-Rev2402.pdf.  
2 “About ATL,” Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport, accessed July 11, 2024, https://www.atl.com/about-atl/. 
I-1 
 
Kestrel | Second Party Opinion 2 
The Department of Aviation has robust commitments to decarbonization and environmental sustainability. 
ATL joined the Airport Council International Airport Carbon Accreditation Program to validate Scope 1 and 
Scope 2 emissions inventories and continues to conduct greenhouse gas inventories regularly. In February 
2022, the Department released its Carbon Policy which commits ATL to achieving 100% clean and/or 
renewable energy by 2035 (in line with the City’s commitments) and to achieving net zero emissions by 
2050. In partnership with Georgia Power, the Department of Aviation implements energy conservation 
measures and renewable energy projects, and evaluates energy baselines to identify opportunities to 
improve energy efficiency of facilities. Construction projects meet green building standards and 
sustainable infrastructure standards, and ATL was the first airport to earn a LEED Platinum Communities 
rating in 2019. 
Additionally, the Department of Aviation: 
• Sets water conservation, waste reduction, and material procurement goals. The Department’s  
major capital projects have averaged a 4 1% reduction in designed water use, a 2 8% reduction in 
designed energy consumption, and 95% diversion of construction and demolition waste from 
landfills. 
• Completed a solar feasibility study and identified 55 potential sites for solar arrays. As of July 2024, 
17 of these sites have been selected for installations.  
• Supports electrification of ground service equipment by installing infrastructure to support future 
installation of chargers across the terminal complex.  
As the City’s largest user of electricity
3, the Department of Aviation works closely with the City to reduce 
energy usage and advance clean energy goals. Initiatives and achievements include: 
• An energy savings performance contract  in 2015 to improve energy and water efficiency across 
City buildings, including the Airport. 
• The Department of Aviation partnered with the City to procure approximately 100 MW of renewable 
energy from the Georgia Power Clean and Renewable Energy Subscription program.4  
• The Department has installed over 300 Level 1 and Level 2 charging stations for electric vehicles 
(“EVs"). Additionally, in accordance with Ordinance No.  17-0-1654 adopted by the City Council of 
the City (the "City Council") in 2017, at least 20% of all new Airport parking spaces in commercial 
parking structures are built EV Ready, including conduit pre -run for ease of installation and 
panelboard capacity for future connections.
5 
• In addition, the Department  reports energy and water usage data to the Mayor’s Office of 
Sustainability and Resilience, as required by the Atlanta Commercial Energy Efficiency Ordinance.6  
 
3 Approximately 50% of Atlan ta’s municipal electricity consumption is used by the Airport.  “Clean Energy Atlanta,” 2019, City of 
Atlanta, Georgia, https://atlantabuildingbenchmarking.com/wp- content/uploads/2019/02/nrdc_100ce_plan_021319_v8_low-
res.pdf.  
4 “Clean and Renewable Energy Subscription,” Georgia Power, accessed July 16, 2024, 
https://www.georgiapower.com/business/products-programs/business-solutions/commercial-solar-solutions/clean-and-
renewable-energy-subscription.html.  
5 “City of Atlanta Passes ‘EV Ready’ Ordinance into Law,” Mayor’s Office of Communications, City of Atlanta, Georgia, November 
2017, https://www.atlantaga.gov/Home/Components/News/News/10258/.  
6 “Atlanta Building Efficiency,” City of Atlanta, accessed July 15, 2024, https://atlantabuildingbenchmarking.wordpress.com/about/.  
I-2 
 
Kestrel | Second Party Opinion 3 
These programs and initiatives demonstrate real progress on climate action and ensure capital projects 
undertaken by the Department align with goals to reach 100% renewable energy by 2035 and net zero 
emissions by 2050. 
ALIGNMENT TO GREEN STANDARDS 7 
Use of Proceeds  
Green Bonds issued under the Framework finance or refinance expansion, 
construction and renovation projects at Hartsfield -Jackson Atlanta International 
Airport that are part of the Capital Plan to 2030 . Projects eligible for financing 
include activities that improve sustainability of Airport operations and advance long-term greenhouse gas 
emission reduction goals. Eligible project categories as defined by the Green Bond Principles and identified 
in the Framework include Energy Efficiency, Green Buildings, Renewable Energy, Clean Transportation, and 
Climate Adaptation. 
Sustainable Design Standards 
Eligible projects are designed to minimize energy use compared to ASHRAE 90.1-2010 baselines and water 
use compared to LEED baselines.  All ATL non-structural infrastructure projects must meet the minimum 
certification level in either the Envision or SITES rating systems,8 and all new buildings must achieve LEED 
Silver certification at a minimum. The Department of Aviation  uses lifecycle assessments to reduce 
embodied emissions  and considers all- electric construction and feasibility for sola r installations  on all 
projects. As specified in the Framework, runways, fuel tanks, and airfield improvements are not eligible to 
be financed with Green Bonds.  
Advancing th e Net Zero Transition for the City of Atlanta 
Bonds are net zero aligned if bond -financed activities advance goals to reach net zero greenhouse gas 
emissions by 2050. In Kestrel’s opinion, many projects in the Capital Plan to 2030 advance the Department 
of Aviation’s comprehensive efforts to reach 100% clean energy by 2035 and net zero emissions by 2050. 
In order to transition to 100% clean energy, the Department is focused on reducing energy consumption 
and expanding clean energy generation. Projects in the Capital Plan to 2030 which will be financed with 
Green Bonds advance these initiatives and directly contribute to the transition of Airport operations to net 
zero. 
In addition to meeting the Department’s goals, the Green Bond Program advances citywide climate 
initiatives. The Mayor’s Office of Sustainability and Resilience develops policies and initiatives to advance 
climate action , and individual departments within City government operationalize these policies. The 
Department of Aviation has already demonstrated leadership in this area by making department-specific 
 
7 Green Bonds are any type of debt instrument where the proceeds will be exclusively applied to finance or refinance eligible Green 
Projects which are aligned with the four core components of ICMA Green Bond Principles. 
8 Managed by the Institute for Sustainable Infrastructure (“ISI”), Envision provides a comprehens