Green Bonds designation. 
ABOUT THE ISSUER  
The City of Alexandria, Virginia, Sanitation Authority (the “Authority” or “AlexRenew”) was established in 
1952 and operates a wastewater treatment system that serves the City of Alexandria and Fairfax County 
in Virginia. AlexRenew serves an estimated population of over 300,000 and is located on the Potomac River, 
one of the largest rivers in the Chesapeake Bay watershed in the northeastern United States.  
E-1 
 
Kestrel | Second Party Opinion 2 
The wastewater system includes five wastewater pumping stations, 20 miles of interceptor lines, and a 
wastewater treatment plant with a treatment capacity of 54 million gallon per day (“MGD”). The wastewater 
system is designed  to beneficially reuse byproducts from the treatment process and minimize 
environmental impacts. Reuse processes include the following:  
• Biogas produced onsite provides approximately 32% of energy used by the treatment facility and 
reduces energy purchased from the local grid.  
• Treated wastewater is reused onsite to meet 97% of water demand.  
• Biosolids are applied as soil amendments on farms in Virginia. Approximately 6,000 tons per year 
are reused. 
Environmental stewardship of the Chesapeake Bay watershed, climate resilience, and community outreach 
are core to the Authority’s mission and operations. Significant infrastructure projects and adopted climate 
action targets exemplify these commitments. 
Located within the Chesapeake Bay watershed, AlexRenew collaborates with multiple stakeholders to meet 
nutrient management goals and improve  water quality in the Bay. As part of these efforts, AlexRenew 
constructed a nutrient management facility in 2016 to reduce nitrogen levels in treated water. In addition 
to improving effluent water quality, the project added recreational space accessible by the public, reduced 
impervious surfaces to enhance stormwater management and preserved existing ecosystem functions. 
The project achieved an Envision Platinum award from the Institute for Sustain able Infrastructure, 
recognizing a comprehensive commitment to sustainability and public benefits.  
The RiverRenew project also exemplifies the Authority’s dedication to watershed stewardship  and 
sustainable infrastructure with environmental and community co -benefits. RiverRenew is the largest 
infrastructure project in Alexandria’s history and will address overflows from combined sewers which flow 
into the Potomac River, Huntington Creek and Hooffs Run.  Construction of a two-mile sewer tunnel, an 
interceptor, diversion facilities, and a pump station will capture and move combined sewage to  
AlexRenew’s wastewater treatment plant for treatment. Planned for completion in 2026 , the project  is 
designed to reduce 130 million gallons of overflows into waterways each year, improving water quality in 
the region. Designs include riparian restoration, public access to parks, and are expected to achieve an 
Envision sustainable infrastructure certification as well as LEED certification on the pump station.  
In addition to  pursuing these major projects to improve sustainability of operations , the Authority 
established a goal to strive toward net zero emissions in the Strategic Plan  2024-2029. The Authority’s 
climate action goals align with the City of Alexandria’s Environmental Climate Action Plan 2030. To support 
these goals, AlexRenew prioritizes green building construction, energy efficiency improvements, and onsite 
solar generation. AlexRenew’s primary administrative building, the Environmental Center, achieved LEED 
Platinum certification and rooftop solar generates approximately half of the energy used by the building. 
Solar is also installed on another smaller operations building and the Authority expects  to add more 
renewable generation capacity in the future. 
In addition to energy efficient buildings and incorporation of solar energy, other strategies to reduce energy 
use are under review and may include electrification of boilers and upgrades to increase use of biogas and 
waste heat from t he wastewater treatment process. Projects also may include blower optimization and 
implementation of advanced controls to monitor energy demands within the plant.  
E-2 
 
Kestrel | Second Party Opinion 3 
In addition to climate mitigation, a climate resilience study is underway to address priorities for adaptation 
and resilience. While impacts of climate change such as changes in rainfall and sea level rise have already 
been considered in projects such as RiverRenew, the resilience study involves a comprehensive review of 
assets to identify opportunities for proactive adaptation to reduce impacts and mitigate risks of flooding 
and significant weather events. Potential climate impacts also include increased heat stress for workers. 
AlexRenew is improving facilities and operations to minimize impacts of high heat on workers, and 
cooperates with the local energy utility to manage demand on the grid in warm summer months.  
ALIGNMENT TO GREEN STANDARDS 1 
Use of Proceeds  
The 2024 Bonds finance the Solids Upgrade  Program, the Preliminary and 
Primary Systems Upgrade project , and the Tertiary Systems Upgrade project 
(collectively, the “Projects”) . The P rojects, which will (i) improve system 
resilience and (ii) provide critical maintenance of aging wastewater 
infrastructure, are eligible projects as defined by the Green Bond Principles in 
the Sustainable Wastewater Management project category.   
Preliminary an d Primary System Upgrades  
The 2024 Bonds finance improvements to primary processing equipment such as adding an additional 
channel for coarse screening, replacing fine screening and grit removal equipment, and rebuilding a raw 
sewage pumping station. The project is expected to pursue Envision sustainable infrastructure certification 
and be completed in 2029. Equipment upgrades are expected to improve energy efficiency , add 
redundancy, and modernize aging infrastructure. These upgrades are also designed to accommodate 
increased flow to the treatment plant as a result of the RiverRenew project.  
Solids Upgrade Pr ogram 
Projects include Phase I improvements to solids handling equipment to improve reliability and prepare for 
a long -term solution to solids management. Improvements in the first phase consist of upgrades to 
digestion, dewatering, mixing systems, and gravity thickeners. Phase I is expected to be completed in 
December 2026.  
In conjunction with Phase I improvements, AlexRenew is preparing a 20-year Solids Master Plan. The Solids 
Master Plan will identify priorities for fu ture phases of the Solids Upgrade Program  and evaluate future 
demand and usability of biosolids in the region. Long-term planning is affected by many factors, including 
conversion of agricultural land for r esidential and commercial development, soil amendments produced 
by other wastewater utilities in the region, and per- and polyfluorinated substances (“PFAS”) contamination. 
The planning process is also expected to evaluate potential for changing weather patterns to affect the 
ability of agricultural producers to apply biosolids.2  
 
1 Green Bonds are any type of debt instrument where the proceeds will be exclusively applied to finance or refinance eligible Green 
Projects which are aligned with the four core components of ICMA Green Bond Principles. 
2 Wet weather events and related soil conditions can prevent application of soil amendments when biosolids are available, causing 
storage and logistics issues. 
E-3 
 
Kestrel | Second Party Opinion 4 
Tertiary System Upgrades 
Improvements to the tertiary treatment systems include upgrade of filters and settling tanks to improve 
nutrient removal, and chemical treatment processes. Upgrades to the tertiary treatment processes are 
particularly important for minimizing nutrient levels in effluent and meeting strong water quality standards.  
 
Table 1. Expe