Designation as Green Bonds  
The SFPUC is committed to providing sewage and stormwater collection, treatment and disposal services 
in a manner that values environmental and community interests. San Francisco issued its first climate action plan in 
2004. Environmental stewardship is a key element of the SFPUC ’s mission statement and the SFPUC remains 
prominent in the City ’s most recent climate action plan, released in 2021 and supplemented in 2023 (see “THE 
WASTEWATER ENTERPRISE – Climate Action Plan ”). The 2024A Bonds  and the 2024C Bonds are being 
designated by the SFPUC as “Green Bonds” (the “2024 Green Bonds”). The purpose of designating such Bonds as 
“Green Bonds” is to allow investors to invest directly in notes and bonds that finance the cost of environmentally 
beneficial projects ( “Green Projects ”). For purposes of such determination, the SFPUC considers t he projects 
included in the SSIP to be Green Projects  (“SSIP Green Projects ”). See “PLAN OF FINANCE, ” “ESTIMATED 
SOURCES AND USES OF FUNDS ” and “WASTEWATER ENTERPRISE CAPITAL PROGRAM – Sewer 
System Improvement Program.”  
The Indenture does not restrict the use of proceeds of future issuances of Bonds to the financing of Green 
Projects and in the future the SFPUC may issue Additional Bonds which are not designated as green bonds or 
certified by the Climate Bonds Initiative (the “CBI”). The repayment obligations of the SFPUC with respect to the 
2024 Green Bonds are not conditioned on the completion of any particular project or the satisfaction of any 
condition relating to the status of the 2024 Green Bonds or the certificatio n of such bonds by the CBI. The SFPUC 
assumes no obligation to ensure compliance with any legal or other principles of green bonds, as such principles 
may evolve over time. See “SECURITY FOR THE BONDS. ” The terms “Climate Bond ” and “green bonds” are 
neither defined in, nor related to the Indenture, and their use herein is for identification purposes only and is not 
intended to provide or imply that a holder of the 2024 Green Bonds is entitled to any additional security other than 
as provided in the Indenture. The SFPUC has no continuing legal obligation to maintain the Climate Bond 
certification of the 2024 Green Bonds. 
The designation of the 2024 Green Bonds as “Green Bonds ” does not imply that such obligations are 
entitled to any particular advantageous treatment under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”). 
Certification by the Climate Bonds Initiative  
The CBI is an international, investor -focused non- profit organization working to focus the global bond 
market on climate change solutions through the development and promotion of an efficient green bond market. The 
CBI establishes and manages the Climate Bonds Standard (the “Climate Bonds Standard”). 
The 2024 Green Bonds have been certified by the CBI as “Climate Bonds Standard Certified ” based on a 
pre-issuance verification report from Morningstar Sustainalytics ( “Sustainalytics”), a verifier approved by the 
Climate Bonds Standard Board and retained by the SFPUC . Sustainalytics has verified that the SFPUC ’s bonds 
issued to finance and refinance SSIP Green Projects meet the requirements of the Water Climate Bond Standard. The 
CBI also requires post -issuance verification of compliance as part of the certification process. As such, the SFPUC 
has provided information concerning prior and anticipated capital project expenditures related to the SSIP (some of 
which does not appear in this Official Statement) to Sustainalytics. Certification of the 2024 Green Bonds by the 
CBI essentially reflects the alignment of th e issuance with Climate Bonds Standard v2.1 and the explanation of the 
significance of this certification may be obtained from the CBI. 
The certification of the 2024 Green Bonds as Climate Bonds by the CBI is based solely on the Climate 
Bonds Standard and does not, and is not intended to, make any representation, warranty, undertaking, express or 
implied, or give any assurance with respect to any other matter relating to the 2024 Green Bonds or any SSIP Green 
Project, including but not limited to this Official Statement, the transaction documents, the SFPUC or the 
management of the SFPUC. 
The certification of the 2024 Green Bonds as Climate Bonds by the CBI was addressed solely to the 
SFPUC and is not a recommendation to any person to purchase, hold or sell the 2024 Green Bonds and such  
14 
certification does not address the market price or suitability of the 2024 Green Bonds for a particular investor.  Each 
potential purchaser of the 2024 Green Bonds should determine for itself the relevance of this certification. Any 
purchase of the 2024 Green Bonds should be based upon such investigation that each potential purchaser deems 
necessary. The certification also does not address the merits of the decision by the SFPUC or any third party to 
participate in any SSIP Gre en Project and does not express and should not be deemed to be an expression of an 
opinion as to the SFPUC or any aspect of any SSIP Green Project (including but not limited to the financial viability 
of any SSIP Green Project) other than with respect to conformance with the Climate Bonds Standard.   
In issuing or monitoring, as applicable, the certification, the CBI has assumed and relied upon and will 
assume and rely upon the fairness, accuracy, reasonableness and completeness in all material respects of t he 
information supplied or otherwise made available to the CBI.  The CBI does not assume or accept any responsibility 
or liability to any person for independently verifying (and it has not verified) such information or to undertake (and 
it has not undertak en) any independent evaluation of any SSIP Green Project or the SFPUC.  In addition, the CBI 
does not assume any obligation to conduct (and it has not conducted) any physical inspection of any SSIP Green 
Project.  The certification may only be used with the 2024 Green Bonds and may not be used for any other purpose 
without the CBI’s prior written consent. 
The certification does not, and is not in any way intended to, address the likelihood of timely payment of 
interest when due on the 2024 Green Bonds and/or the payment of principal at maturity or any other date.  
The certification may be withdrawn at any time in the CBI’s sole and absolute discretion and there can be 
no assurance that such certification will not be withdrawn. The SFPUC has not undertaken to contest any such 
withdrawal or to provide notice thereof. 
The CBI is not a licensed broker -dealer or a nationally recognized statistical ratings organization. 
Certification by the CBI is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities, and such certif ication may be 
subject to revision or withdrawal, including, without limitation, if the SFPUC ’s future capital expenditures from the 
proceeds of the 2024 Green Bonds vary from the anticipated expenditures reviewed by the CBI. The SFPUC will 
undertake reasonable efforts to ensure that any adjustment of capital expenditures or other actions taken with respect 
to the 2024 Green Bonds will not result in revision or withdrawal of the CBI ’s certification; however, there can be 
no guarantee that such adjustment or  other action or a future revision to the CBI’ s criteria for certifying bonds will 
not result in a withdrawal or revision of the CBI ’s certification. The SFPUC expects to post information reflecting 
the expenditure of the proceeds of the 2024 Green Bonds on its website. See “ – Green Bond Reporting” below.  
United Nations Sustainable Development Goals 
Impacts from SSIP projects financed and refinanced by the SFPUC ’s Green Bonds are also aligned with 
several United Nations Sustainable Development Goals ( “UN SDGs ”). By reference to the International Capital 
Market Association (“ICMA”) “Green, Social and Sustainability Bonds: A High- Level Mapping to the Sustainable 
Development G