Green Bonds designation. 
ABOUT THE ISSUER  
The District of Columbia Water and Sewer Authority ( “DC Water”) provides retail water, sewer , and 
stormwater services to approximately 700,000 residents in t he District of Columbia (the “District”) and 
almost 26 million visitors. In addition, the DC Water  treats wastewater for about 1. 8 million people in 
neighboring jurisdictions in Maryland and Virginia . DC Water is one of the largest water and wastewater 
utilities in the United States.   
 
Kestrel | Second Party Opinion 2 
The wastewater and stormwater system includes approximately 1,900 miles of sanitary  and combined 
sewers and the Blue Plains Advanced Wastewater Treatment Plant (“Blue Plains”). Blue Plains has a 
permitted design capacity of 384 million gallons per day  and a permitted peak wet weather capacity of  
780 million gallons per day. The facility is located along the Potomac River on a  150-acre site  in the 
southernmost point of the District. Treated effluent is discharged into the Potomac River which flows to 
the Chesapeake Bay. 
Sustainability and resilience are integrated into all dimensions of operations at DC Water. Stewardship of 
watershed resources, integrated planning, and progress toward decarbonization all point to DC Water’s 
leadership in sustainability. A strategic plan adopted in 2021, Blueprint 2.0, identifies five core 
organizational imperatives: Healthy, Safe and Well; Reliable; Resilient; Sustainable; and Equitable. These 
imperatives are central to the long-term vision of DC Water.1  
DC Water has demonstrated leadership in restoration of the Potomac River , Anacostia River,  and 
Chesapeake Bay, the largest estuar y in the US, by nutrient removal capabilities at Blue Plains. Managing 
nitrogen and phosphorus in the Chesapeake Bay is a high priority because elevated nutrient levels fuel 
excessive growth of algal blooms that result in damaging conditions for aquatic ecosystems. This process 
is referred to as “eutrophication.” These conditions can pose public health threats and undermine seafood 
and tourism industries. A dvanced treatment processes have enabled DC Water to achieve some of the 
lowest nitrogen levels in effluent among utilities in the United States.  These water quality improvements 
illustrate DC Water’s longstanding commitment to watershed stewardship.  
DC Water collaborates with regional governments to achieve energy use and emission reductions. 
DC Water is committed to goals in the Clean Energy DC Plan to achieve 60% reduction in greenhouse gas 
emissions by 2030 and carbon neutrality by 2045. Carbon footprint and energy models are maintained for 
all operations. As the largest single site consumer of electricity in Washington, DC, improvements to energy 
efficiency and the transition to renewable energy  by DC Water  are critical to meeting regional  emission 
reduction targets. Climate mitigation strategies include:  
• Renewable Energy: The Blue Plains Wastewater Treatment Plant has 3.4 MW of solar  and DC 
Water plans for an additional 10.5 MW of capacity  there. Nine additional sites are ear marked 
for solar installations in the future.  
• Energy Efficient Buildings: DC Water’s headquarters building is LEED Platinum  certified, and 
other new construction is required to meet at least LEED Silver standards in accordance with 
the Washington, DC Green Building Act of 2006. 
• Electrification: DC Water is switching  from fossil-fuel-based infrastructure to fully electrified 
options where feasible. 
• Waste-to-Energy: Biogas from the wastewater treatment process powers a combined heat and 
power plant which provides about one third of the energy used at Blue Plains . Effluent from 
Blue Plains is used as a coolant in the combined heat and power plant, reducing the energy 
demand for cooling. DC Water is evaluating additional projects to recover thermal energy from 
the wastewater treatment process to reduce energy demand. 
 
1 “Blueprint 2.0,” District of Columbia Water and Sewer Authority, 2022, https://www.dcwater.com/sites/default/files/board-
docs/BluePrint/Blueprint%202.0.pdf.  
 
Kestrel | Second Party Opinion 3 
• Byproduct Reuse: Biosolids from the treatment process are reused to produce Bloom ® soil 
amendments. This process enables reuse of biosolids instead of landfilling, and the 
amendments, which are high in organic matter  and nutrients, enhance soil health and reduce 
demand for fertilizers which are otherwise energy-intensive to produce. Biosolids are monitored 
for per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (“PFAS”). 
• Innovation and Research: DC Water participates in  applied research on effective solutions to 
reduce emissions and improve operational efficiency. For example, researchers identified a 
novel process for nitrogen removal at Blue Plains which has the potential to reduce the need 
for methanol, an input with a high carbon footprint and high operational costs. 
DC Water supports community development initiatives and programs for disadvantaged communities. 
Rate assistance is offered to income-eligible households and non-profits to help ensure equitable access 
to essential services. Workforce development efforts create opportunities for current employees and offer 
training to community members for future employment  in the water sector . Programs include 
apprenticeships and internships for high school students. DC Water is also the founding utility member of 
the National Green Infrastructure Certification Program which sets standards for the skills needed to build, 
inspect, and maintain green infrastructure for stormwater management. 2 Together, these efforts reflect 
DC Water’s commitment to meeting diverse community needs and building a strong green workforce for 
the future.  
ALIGNMENT TO GREEN STANDARDS 3 
Use of Proceeds  
The Series 2025B  Bonds finance and refinance the DC Clean Rivers Project  
(“Clean Rivers Project” or “Project”) . The Clean Rivers Project involves 
construction of tunnels, diversion structures, sewer separation, and green 
infrastructure to reduce combined sewer overflows, improve climate resilience, 
and improve water quality to safeguard public and environmental health. The 
Clean Rivers Project is an eligible green project as defined by the Green Bond 
Principles in the Sustainable Wastewater Management project category.  
The Clean Rivers Project will reduce  the volume of combined sewer  overflows into the Anacostia and 
Potomac rivers and Rock Creek by approximately 96% in an average rainfall year. When complete in 2030, 
there will be 18 miles of deep tunnels to capture flows that could otherwise be released into waterways. 
Captured flows are treated at the Blue Plains Advanced Wastewater Treatment Plant. Sewer separation 
projects help isolate wastewater from combined flows for appropriate treatment. Green infrastructure in 
92 acres of the Rock Creek watershed will slow, spread , and store stormwater, reducing volume that 
contributes to overflows downstream. Major components of the Clean Rivers Project are described below. 
 
2 “National Green Infrastructure Certification Program,” District of Columbia Water and Sewer Authority, accessed June 24, 2025, 
https://envirocert.org/ngicp.  
3 Green Bonds are any type of debt instrument where the proceeds will be exclusively applied to finance or refinance eligible Green 
Projects which are aligned with the four core components of ICMA Green Bond Principles. 
 
 
Kestrel | Second Party Opinion 4 
Sewer Separation: DC Water’s sewer system includes both combined and separated sanitary sewers, 
a setup common in older US cities. During heavy storms, the capacity of combined sewers can be 
exceeded and discharge a mix of sewage and stormwater — known as combined sewer overflows 
(“CSOs”)—into local waterways such as the Anacostia and Potomac rivers and Rock Creek. To mitigate 
overflows, the Clean Rivers Project will build infrastructure to separate portions of the c