en Bonds designation. 
ABOUT THE ISSUER  
The City of Tacoma (“City” or “Tacoma”) is the third largest city in the State of Washington. Within City 
government, Tacoma Public Utilities is the largest department and includes Tacoma Power, Tacoma 
Water, and Tacoma Rail. Tacoma Power was originally formed in 1893 after the City purchased water and 
electric utility assets from the former Tacoma Water and Light Company. Tacoma Power is now the fourth 
largest public power utility in Washington. Kestrel | Second Party Opinion 2 
As of 202 5, Tacoma Power  owns and operates four hydroelectric generation projects with seven 
hydroelectric dams. Generation projects include: 
• Cowlitz River Project including the Mayfield Dam (162 MW capacity) and the Mossyrock Dam (300 
MW);  
• Nisqually River Project including the Alder Dam (50 MW) and LaGrande Dam (64 MW);  
• Cushman Hydroelectric Project consisting of two dams located on the Skokomish River (43.2 MW 
and 81 MW); and  
• Wynoochee River Project consisting of a powerhouse and flood control dam (12.8 MW).  
These projects are located on rivers in Washington with dams that store and release water through 
turbines which generate electricity for customers that is 100% clean hydroelectric power. Tacoma Power 
maintains licenses issued by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (“FERC”) for these projects. Since 
2003, the Nisqually River Project has been certified by the Low Impact Hydropower Institute as a 
hydropower project that meets eight environmental, cultural, and recreational criteria including presence 
of ecological flow regimes that support healthy habitats, safe and effective fish passage, and protection of 
threatened and endangered species.  
The system operated by Tacoma Power (“Electric System”) includes 352 miles of transmission facilities 
and 2,034 miles of distribution facilities to provide contracted wholesale power to small utilities and service 
to approximately 195,000 customer accounts. In 2024, Tacoma Power’s hydroelectric resources provided 
approximately 38% of the utility’s total energy supply. To meet energy demands, Tacoma Power also 
utilizes power purchase contracts and market purchases, focusing on clean and renewable resources such 
as hydropower, wind, and solar. In 2023, Tacoma Power’s fuel mix was over 95% carbon-free.
1  
Tacoma Power is a leader in supporting electrification and decarbonization of transportation and buildings. 
In 2020, Tacoma Power completed a Transportation Electrification Plan  which established a goal to 
increase electric loads for transportation by an average of 10 MW by 2030.2 Subsequently, Tacoma Power 
performed detailed scenario assessments for the next 20 years in the 2024 Electrification Planning Study.3 
Results of this Study  inform resource planning and customer program development. E lectrification of 
residential homes and commercial buildings are incentivized through rebates for electric appliances and 
zero-interest loans to income-qualified individuals to weatherize homes and purchase heat pumps. 
In addition to supplying electricity and supporting decarbonization efforts, Tacoma Power manages  over 
20,000 acres of protected wildlife habitat  with an emphasis on fisheries  restoration and conservation. 
Tacoma Power works with state, federal, and Tribal partners to manage forestlands based on forest health 
indices and biodiversity, rather than single- species management strategies. FERC Plans associated with 
the four hydroelectric projects outline capital projects that support fish passage, maintain instream flows 
to ensure fish survival, and monitor native fish species. Successful fisheries programs have been expanded 
to adjacent watersheds in collaboration with partners. Additionally, initiatives are ongoing to improve 
coordinated land management to mitigate wild fire risks , including an award -winning vegetation 
 
1 2.24% of the fuel mix is unspecified sources. 
2 “Transportation Electrification Plan and Strategic Guidelines,” Tacoma Power, 2020, -
content/uploads/Transportation_Electrification_Plan_0720_FINAL.pdf. 
3 “ Tacoma Power Electrification Forecast,” Prepared for Tacoma Power, January 31, 2024, -
content/uploads/Tacoma-Electrification-Study_Final-Report-withTPWRintro.pdf.  Kestrel | Second Party Opinion 3 
management plan.4 Multiple wildlife and watershed protection projects aim to ensure healthy habitats for 
native wildlife and plants: 
• Cowlitz Wildlife Area , owned by Tacoma Power, covers about 14,000 acres of forests, wetlands, 
lowland valleys, and riparian habitats, and includes the 20 -mile-long Peterman Hill Trail for 
recreational use; 
• Nisqually River Project includes protection of 3,500 acres of wildlife lands in the Nisqually River 
Basin, such as preservation of the river corridor downstream of LaGrande Dam;  
• Wynoochee River Project enhances 1,000 acres of high-quality forage area for elk; and 
• Cushman Project Wildlife Lands conserves over 2,700 acres of habitat for birds and other wildlife. 
ALIGNMENT TO GREEN STANDARDS 5 
Use of Proceeds  
The 2025 Bonds finance and refinance debt for capital improvements to the 
Electric System. The capital improvements financed and refinanced  support 
Tacoma Power’s hydropower system — a renewable system that has minimal 
greenhouse gas emissions, prioritizes climate resiliency and environmental 
restoration, and expands community access to clean electricity. Tacoma Power 
integrates fish passage and watershed stewardship to minimize environmental 
risks associated with hydroelectric facilities. The financed improvements are 
eligible green projects as defined by the Renewable Energy project category. 
Tacoma Power operations and the financed projects improve the hydroelectric system which provides 
carbon-free power to the region. The 2025B Bonds refund the 2010B Bonds  as described in the offering 
documents. Several capital improvements have significant environmental benefits and are highlighted in 
Appendix A attached to this report. Hydropower is a clean alternative to fossil fuel power generation and 
thus supports climate change mitigation. Although some hydropower systems have been associated with 
negative environmental impacts, Tacoma Power mitigates risks to watersheds  and wildlife through 
focused initiatives and projects, some of which are directly financed and refinanced by the 2025 Bonds. 
In addition to maintenance and improvements to renewable energy generation infrastructure, financed and 
refinanced projects include fish passage improvements and advanced metering infrastructure.  Certain 
capital projects have been prioritized based on the City’s Equity Index which identifies areas with 
historically low investment.  
  
 
4 Tacoma Power has received the Tree Line USA award from the Arbor Day Foundation for best practices in vegetation management, 
including line clearance and integrated vegetation management. “Tree Line USA Standards,” Arbor Day Foundation, accessed May 
6, 2025, -work/tree-line-usa/standards. 
5 Green Bonds are any type of debt instrument where the proceeds will be exclusively applied to finance or refinance eligible Green 
Projects which are aligned with the four core components of ICMA Green Bond Principles. 
Kestrel | Second Party Opinion 4 
Bond-financed capital improvements include, but are not limited to:  
• Distribution network improvements such as replacement or repair of underground and overhead 
cables and poles  
• Advanced metering infrastructure that improves energy management capabilities 
• Substation and transformer replacement and upgrades  
• Remodel of salmon and trout hatcheries  
• Improvements to the Mayfield Fish Passage  
• Acquisition of transformers 
• Voltage optimization at substations for energy savings  
• Rebuild of two Cushman generation units 
• Seismic retrofits for spillways at multiple dams for resilience and safety 
• Infrastructure for debris removal at reservoirs  
• S