Designation as Green Bonds 
The SFPUC is committed to providing retail drinking water services to San Francisco and wholesale water 
to three Bay Area counties in a manner that values environmental and community interests, and sustains the resources 
entrusted to its care. The information available on such website is not incorporated by reference into this Official 
Statement and should not be relied upon in making an investment in the 2023CD  Bonds. 
The 2023C Bonds are being designated by the SFPUC as “Green Bonds”  based on the climate adaptation 
and/or mitigation benefits of the projects refinanced by the 2023C Bonds. 
The purpose of designating the 2023C  Bonds as “Green Bonds” is to allow investors to invest directly in 
bonds that finance the cost of environmentally beneficial projects (“ Green Projects ”). For purposes of such 
determination, the SFPUC considers the projects included in the  WSIP to be Green Projects. See “PLAN OF 
REFUNDING,” “SOURCES AND USES OF  FUNDS” and “CAPITAL IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM AND 
OTHER WATER SUPPLY INITIATIVES – Water System Improvement Program.”  
The 2023D Bonds are not being designated as “Green Bonds.” The Indenture does not restrict the use of 
proceeds of future issuances of Bonds to  the financing of Green Projects and in the future the SFPUC may issue 
additional Bonds which are not designated as “ Green Bonds” or certified by the Climate Bonds Initiative as further 
described herein. 
The Climate Bonds Initiative and Climate Bonds 
The Climate Bonds Initiative (the “ CBI”) is an international, investor -focused non- profit organization 
working to focus the global bond market on climate change solutions through the development and promotion of an 
efficient green bond market. The CBI has established and manages the Climate Bonds Standard (the “Climate Bonds 
Standard”) under which the 2023C Bonds have been certified upon verification from Sustainalytics (as defined and 
further described below).  All projects refinanced by the 2023C  Bonds have been certified under the Climate Bonds 
Standard Version 2.1 Water Sector Criteria. The certification of the 2023C Bonds reflects only the views of the third-
party verifier report approved by the Climate Bonds Standard Board. The explanation of the signi ficance of this 
certification may be obtained from the CBI. The SFPUC has provided a third- party verified report to the Climate 
Bonds Standard Board, including information concerning prior and anticipated capital project expenditures related to 
the WSIP (some of which does not appear in this Official Statement). As part of the certification process, the SFPUC 
retained Sustainalytics U.S., Inc., a subsidiary of Sustainalytics Holding, B.V ., Netherlands (collectively, 
“Sustainalytics”), to provide a third- party verification that the 2023C  Bonds are aligned with the Climate Bonds 
Standard.  
The certification of the 2023C Bonds as “Climate Bonds” by the CBI is based solely on the Climate Bonds 
Standard and does not and is not intended to make any representation or give any assurance with respect to any other 
matter relating to the 2023C  Bonds or any WSIP project, including but not limited to this Official Statement, the 
transaction documents, the SFPUC or the management of the SFPUC. 
The certification of the 2023 C Bonds by the CBI is  addressed solely to the SFPUC and is not a 
recommendation to any person to purchase, hold or sell the 2023C Bonds and such certification does not address the 
market price or suitability of the 2023C  Bonds for an investor. The certification also does not address the merits of 
the decision by the SFPUC or any third party to participate in any WSIP project and does not express and should not 
be deemed to be an expression of an opinion as to the SFPUC or any aspect of any WSIP project (inc luding but not 
limited to the financial viability of any WSIP project) other than with respect to conformance with the Climate Bonds 
Standard. 
In issuing or monitoring, as applicable, the certification, the CBI has assumed and relied upon and will 
assume and rely upon the accuracy and completeness in all material respects of the information supplied or otherwise 
made available to the CBI. The CBI does not assume or accept any responsibility to any person for independently  
 12 
 
verifying (and it has not verified)  such information or to undertake (and it has not undertaken) any independent 
evaluation of any WSIP project or the SFPUC. In addition, the CBI does not assume any obligation to conduct (and it 
has not conducted) any physical inspection of any WSIP project . The certification may only be used with the 2023C  
Bonds and may not be used for any other purpose without the CBI’s prior written consent. 
The certification does not and is not in any way intended to address the likelihood of timely payment of 
interest when due on the 2023C Bonds and/or the payment of principal at maturity or any other date.  
The certification may be withdrawn at any time in the CBI’s sole and absolute discretion and there can be no 
assurance that such certification will not be withdrawn. The SFPUC has not undertaken to contest any such withdrawal 
or to provide notice thereof. 
The CBI is not a licensed broker -dealer or a nationally recognized statistical ratings organization. 
Certification by the CBI is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities, and such certification may be subject 
to revision or withdrawal. The SFPUC will undertake reasonable efforts to ensure that any actions taken with respect 
to the 2023C  Bonds will not result in revision or withdrawal of the CBI’s certifica tion; however, there can be no 
guarantee future actions or a future revision to the CBI’s criteria for certifying bonds will not result in a withdrawal 
or revision of the CBI’s certification. The proceeds of the bonds to be refunded by the 2023C Bonds were expended 
on WSIP projects and the SFPUC posts information about WSIP projects on its website.  
The Indenture does not restrict the use of proceeds of future issuances of Bonds to the financing of Green 
Projects and in the future the SFPUC may issue a dditional Bonds which are not designated as “G reen Bonds” or 
certified by the CBI. 
The repayment obligations of the SFPUC with respect to the 2023C Bonds are not conditioned on the 
completion of any particular project or the satisfaction of any condition relating to the status of the 2023C  Bonds as 
“Green Bonds” or the certification of such bonds by the CBI. The SFPUC assumes no obligation to ensure compliance 
with any legal or other principles of “Green Bonds,” as such principles may evolve over time. See “SECURITY FOR 
THE BONDS.” 
The terms “Climate Bond” and “Green Bonds” are neither defined in, nor related to the Indenture, and their 
use herein is for identification purposes only and is not intended to provide or imply that a holder of the 2023C Bonds 
is entitled to any additional security other than as provided in the Indenture. The SFPUC has no continuing legal 
obligation to maintain the Climate Bond certification of the 2023C Bonds. 
The designation of the 2023C Bonds as “Green Bonds” does not imply that such obligations are entitled to 
any particular advantageous treatment under the Code. 
United Nations Sustainable Development Goals 
Impacts from WSIP projects financed by the SFPUC’s “Green Bonds” are also aligned with several United 
Nations Sustainable Development Goals (“UN SDG”). By reference to the International Capital Market Association 
(“ICMA”) “Green and Social Bonds: A High- Level Mapping to  the Sustainable Development Goals” (June 2020) , 
the projects refinanced by the 2023C  Bonds primarily aim to address the following goals : 6 (Clean Water and 
Sanitation), 9 (Industry, Innovation and Infrastructure), 11 (Sustainable Cities and Communities), 13 (Climate Action), 
14 (Life Below Water) and 15 (Life on Land). 
As promulgated by the ICMA and most recentl