Designation as Green Bonds 
The Museum has requested that the Series 2021 Bonds be designated as “Green Bonds” 
based on the use of proceeds of such bonds, which will be the refinancing the Prior Bonds, which 
funded the construction of the New Building. The designation is designed to track the generally 
accepted Green Bond Principles, updated as of June 2018 (the “Green Bond Principles”) and as 
promulgated by the I nternational Capital Market Association (“ICMA”).  By  reference to the 
ICMA’s “Green, Social  and Sustainable Bonds: A High -Level Mapping to the Sustainable 
Development Goals” (June 2020), the Museum has determined that the Green Bond designation 
reflects the use of proceeds of the Series 2021 Bonds in a manner that is expected to be consistent 
with “Goal 9: Industry, Innovation, and Infrastructure” and “Goal 11: Sustainable Cities and 
Communities”.  See “SECURITY AND SOURCES OF PAYMENT OF THE SERIES 2021 
BONDS.” 
The New Building 
The Series 2021 Bonds will be used to refinance the Prior Bonds, which were used to fund 
the costs of acquiring, constructing and equipping the New Building.  The New Building was 
designed by architect Renzo Piano and constructed at a cost of $422 million by the Turner 
Construction Company.  Construction of the New Building began in July 2011, and opened to the 
public on May 1, 2015.   
The New Building contains approximately 220,000 gross square feet and includes 
approximately 50,000 square feet of indoor galleries and 13,000 square feet of outdoor exhibition 
space and terraces facing the High Line Park. An expansive gallery for special exhibitions is 
approximately 18,000 square feet in area, making it the largest column-free museum gallery in the 
City. Additional exhibition space includes a lobby gallery (accessible free of charge), two floors 
for the permanent collection, and a special exhibitions gallery on the top floor. The building also 
includes an education center offering state-of-the-art classrooms; a multi-use black box theater for 
film, video, and performance with an adjacent outdoor gallery; a 170 -seat theater with views of 
the Hudson River; and a Works on Paper Study Center, Conservation Lab, and Library Reading 
Room. In addition to the new exhibition space, the New Building features a cantilevered entrance 
along Gansevoort Street which shelters an 8,500 -square-foot outdoor plaza or “largo,” a public 
gathering space steps away from the southern entrance to the High Line Park.  A retail shop and 
restaurant are located on the ground-floor level.  
The New Building was the first purpose-built museum to pursue LEED Gold status.  LEED 
is a green building certification program offered by the U.S. Green Building Council.  Projects 
submitted for LEED certification are reviewed by the Green Building Certification Institute, a 
third-party organization, and assigned points based on the project’s implementation of strategies 
and solutions aimed at achieving high performance in various areas.   The Museum registered for 
LEED certification in 2011 and received LEED Gold certification in 2016 on the basis of the 
LEED for New Construction & Major Renovations (V2009) based on, but not limited to, the 
following sustainable features.  Certain descriptions have been updated for current performance or 
elements that have been improved since 2016. 
• The New Building is powered by a cogeneration plant with a reciprocating 
cogeneration engine at 75KW.  Cogeneration, or combined heat and power, utilizes the  
13 
3526245.20 044730  OS 
by-product of electricity generation for heat.  This excess heat from the New Building’s 
co-generation plant is recovered for heat in winter, for reheat in summer, and for service 
hot water year-round.  The Museum was able to achieve a 22.2% reduction in ene rgy 
cost savings and a 35.6% reduction of water use relative to its significantly smaller 
prior building, which exceeds the minimum reductions required by LEED.  
• The New Building has an enthalpy economizer and variable air volume system for the 
galleries, auditorium and offices to supply free cooling when the outdoor conditions 
allow. The airside economizers utilize outside air when indoor conditions are close to 
the outdoor conditions which means that in economizer mode, the system turns to 100% 
outside air and does not need mechanical ventilation. 
• A building management system has been installed, which controls the building system 
and makes the actual usage data readily available to the building operations staff.  
• The building uses high performance Insulati ng Glass Units with argon filled cavities 
with warm edge spacers to resist condensation and insulated metal panels for most of 
its enclosure instead of the typical 2‐4 inches of  insulation that might be employed in 
commercial buildings. 
• A green roof, plaza level planters with plant materials reminiscent of those used at the 
neighboring High Line Park and a stormwater retention tank to reduce site runoff, 
which lessens the New Building’s reliance on storm sewers. Between the ground level 
planters, vegetated roof areas, and pedestrian hardscape areas, the amount of open 
space provided is 26% of the total site area. 
• The Museum is within ¼ of a mile from the M11 and M14 city buses, within ½ of a 
mile of the A, C, E, and L subway lines and within several thousand feet of a CitiBike 
station.  There are no parking spaces. 
• Over 20% of the cost of construction materials came from recycled materials and over 
10% of the cost of construction materials came from regionally sourced and 
manufactured products.   
• Low emitting interior finishes and comprehensive indoor air quality tests contribute to 
enhanced indoor air quality. An air quality testing agent has been engaged to take air 
samples at various points throughout the building and test for various particulates and 
contaminants. 
• A green housekeeping plan has been implemented to reduce harmful impacts from 
cleaning materials and supplies and an ongoing training and feedback process has been 
established to maintain the effectiveness of the plan. 
Process for Project Evaluation and Selection 
In 1963, the Museum acquired a site on Madison Avenue at 75th Street, and constructed a 
building designed by Marcel Breuer, which opened to the public in 1966 (the “Breuer Building”). 
The iconic Breuer Building housed the Museum from 1966 through October 20, 2014. In order to  
14 
3526245.20 044730  OS 
increase the accessibility of the permanent collection, increase patron engagement and provide 
more opportunities for special exhibitions and contemporary art, the Museum elected to build a 
new facility to house the permanent collection, its temporary exhibitions and educational 
programs.  The Breuer Building did not offer the classrooms, theater or study center spaces that 
the New Building offers.  
In 2006, the City of New York approached the Museum to offer the Gansevoort Street site.  
At the time, the High Line was in the early planning stages, and the City sought a cultural anchor 
at the base of the High Line.  The Museum signed a “Conditional Designation Letter” with the 
City in 2006, and in 2009, Museum’s Board of Trustees approved entering into a Purchase 
Agreement with the City. In May 2011, the Museum purchased the site at 99 Gansevoort Street in 
the Meatpacking District. The location was chosen in part due to its surrounding neighborhood’s 
concentration of art, entertainment and commerce. Within a fifteen block radius are leading 
educational institutions and art galleries, world -class restaurants, hotels, clubs and music venues 
and the headquarters of top creative firms in design, architecture, fashion and technology.  Given 
the New Building’s location at the base of the High Line, the location offered a significant site for 
community and tourist engagement. 
The Museum engaged Renzo Piano Building Workshop as Design Architect and Turner 
Co