Designation as Green Bonds
The City is designating the Series B Bonds as “Green Bonds” based on the intended use of the proceeds of 
the Series B Bonds for the financing of projects that are environmentally friendly and that adhere to the International 
Capital Market Association (“ICMA”) Green Bonds Principles. The purpose of labeling the Series B Bonds as 
Green Bonds is to allow investors to invest directly in bonds that finance environmentally beneficial projects. 
Holders of the Series B Bonds do not assume any specific risk with respect to any of the projects financed with the 
proceeds thereof. 
The projects to be partially or entirely funded with the proceeds of the Series B Bonds are: 
Boston Center for Youth and Families Curley Community Center 
The Curley Community Center is owned by the City of Boston and operated by the Boston Center 
for Youth and Families. The Curley is undergoing a $30 million renovation with Green spending 
supporting a number of efforts including those related to mitigating the effects of sea-level rise by 
waterproofing of the floor slab and walls and reinstalling the doors with removable flood barriers. Building 
systems upgrades include new energy efficient lighting throughout the facility and HVAC upgrades. 
Additional energy conservation measures include new windows and improved insulation of the building 
envelope. 
Renew Boston Trust Phases 1 and 2 
Series B Bond proceeds will be allocated to partially finance Phases 1 and 2 of the Renew Boston 
Trust Program (“Renew Boston”).  Renew Boston finances water and energy-saving renovation projects in 
municipal buildings and uses financial savings from the projects to finance additional conservation 
projects.  Phase 1 is complete and focuses on installing energy-saving upgrades at 14 municipal buildings. 
Examples of current spending include the installation of demand control ventilation at the Central Library 
in Copley Square which optimizes the amount of fresh air introduced into the ventilation system to ensure 
comfort while minimizing energy used in conditioning it. At the A-15 Police Station, Phase 1 supports the 
installation of highly efficient LED light bulbs and occupancy sensors ensuring that lights are only on when 
needed. A complete list of the Phase 1 projects can be found at https://www.boston.gov/environment-and-
energy/renew-boston-trust. 
Phase 2 is underway. The planning phase is complete. With a budget of approximately $20 
million, Phase 2 includes over 30 buildings located throughout the City.  Construction and project 
implementation is expected to be underway in 2021.  A portion of the proceeds of the Series B Bonds will 
be used to fund Phase 1 and Phase 2 expenditures. 
Langone Park / Puopolo Playground 
This is a larger, multi-year park renovation project that will make enhancements and 
improvements to the various recreational spaces in the park as well as lighting, drainage, and plantings. 
Green spending will focus specifically on protecting this beloved open space heavily used by the 
community from the effects of storm surges and sea level rise through raised athletic fields, a harborwalk 
elevated four feet and a strengthened sea wall.  Spending allocation will be applied through an estimation 
of the green spending against the entire project.  Additional information may be found at 
https://www.boston.gov/departments/parks-and-recreation/improvements-langone-park-and-puopolo-
playground. 5 
Boston Arts Academy
A new Boston Arts Academy building is currently under construction near historic Fenway Park. 
Green spending will include energy efficiency measures, improving indoor environmental quality and 
building it to at least LEED Silver standard. The City expects to apply for LEED certification.  
The City has engaged Kestrel Verifiers, a division of Kestrel 360, Inc. ("Kestrel"), to review the projects 
being financed with the proceeds of the Series B Bonds and to prepare an independent external review regarding the 
use of proceeds of the Series B Bonds.  For additional information regarding Kestrel and its review of the projects to 
be funded with the proceeds of the Series B Bonds, see “APPENDIX D – Designation of Series B Bonds as Green 
Bonds.” 
Segregation of Proceeds
The City intends to hold the proceeds of the Series B Bonds in an account separate from all other funds of the 
City  under the City’s previously developed Environmental, Social, & Governance (or “ESG”) Cash Investment 
methodology wherein the City invests funds only in the debt securities of issuers maintaining strong ESG practices. 
Post Issuance Reporting –Series B Bonds
The City intends to report annually regarding the expenditure of the net proceeds of the Series B Bonds.  
This report will be filed no later than 270 days after the end of each fiscal year and will describe the status of the 
projects funded with proceeds of the Series B Bonds and the amount of such proceeds expended, in each case as of 
the end of the prior calendar year. The first such report will be filed no later than March 27, 2022. The City intends 
to file this report with the Electronic Municipal Market Access service of the Municipal Securities Rulemaking 
Board in conjunction with the annual reports required to be filed by the City pursuant to its continuing disclosure 
certificate described herein under “CONTINUING DISCLOSURE” and APPENDIX C – Proposed Form of 
Continuing Disclosure Certificate.” However, the obligation of the City to file this report is not included in the 
continuing disclosure certificate attached hereto as Appendix C. The City intends to report on the use of the Series B 
Bond proceeds and the projects funded with such proceeds until all Series B Bond proceeds have been fully 
expended. 
Redemption Prior To Maturity 
Optional Redemption 
The Bonds maturing on or before November 1, 2030 will not be subject to redemption. The Bonds 
maturing after November 1, 2030 will be subject to redemption prior to maturity at the option of the City, on and 
after November 1, 2030, as a whole or in part at any time, in such order of maturity as the City may determine and 
by lot within each maturity as selected by DTC and its participants, at a redemption price equal to the principal 
amount of the Bonds to be redeemed, plus accrued interest to the redemption date. 
Notice of Redemption 
Notice of redemption of Bonds, specifying the numbers, series and maturities of the Bonds or portions 
thereof to be redeemed and the redemption date, will be given by the Paying Agent not more than 60 days nor less 
than 30 days prior to the redemption date by notice mailed to DTC or its nominee, or in such other manner 
acceptable to DTC, as registered owner of the Bonds to be redeemed. The City will not be responsible for mailing 
notices of redemption to anyone other than DTC or its nominee. Notice having been given, the Bonds or portions 
thereof called for redemption will become due and payable on the designated redemption date. If on the redemption 
date monies are available for the redemption of the Bonds or portions thereof to be redeemed, together with interest 
accrued to the redemption date, then interest on such Bonds or portions thereof shall thereafter cease to accrue. 
The redemption notice may state that it is conditioned upon the deposit of moneys in an amount equal to 
the amount necessary to effect the redemption, in a separate account established by the City for such purpose no 
later than the redemption date, or that the City may rescind such notice at any time prior to the scheduled redemption 
date if the City’s Chief Financial Officer and Collector-Treasurer delivers a notice thereof to the registered owner of 
the Bonds. The redemption notice and optional redemption shall be of no effect if such moneys are not so deposited 6 
or if the notice is rescinded, and the failure of the City to make funds available in whole or in part on or before the 
redemption d