Green Bond Designation and Disclaime r.  Kestrel Verifiers has determined 
that the Bonds are in conformance with the four pillars of the ICMA Green Bond Principles, as described in the second 
party opinion provided by Kestrel Verifiers, attached hereto as Appendix F.  Kestrel Verifiers has 20 years’ experience 
as a trusted consultant in environmental finance.  Kestrel Verifiers, a division of Kestrel 360, Inc., is an Approved 
Verifier by the CBI and an Observer for the ICMA Green Bond Principles and is qualified to verify transactions in all 
asset classes worldwide.  Kestrel Verifiers is one of 40 CBI Approved Verifiers worldwide (at the time of printing this 
document). 
 
The independent second party opinion issued by Kestrel Verifiers does not and is not intended to make any 
representation or give any assurance with respect to any other matter relating to the Bonds.  Designations by Kestrel 
Verifiers are not a recommendation to any person to purchase, hold, or sell the Bonds.  Such labeling does not address 
the market price or suitability of these B onds for a particular investor and does not and is not in any way intended to 
address the likelihood of timely payment of interest or principal when due.  
 
The opinion of Kestrel Verifiers reflects only the views of Kestrel Verifiers.  Any explanation of the significance of 
its opinion may be obtained from Kestrel Verifiers, which opinion was based upon Kestrel Verifiers’ own 
investigation, studies, assumptions,  and criteria.  The City made no application to Kestrel or any other green bond 
verifier for the purpose of obtaining the designation.  However, the City did respond to requests for certain information 
from Kestrel Verifiers with respect to the Bonds, the Department, and the capital improvement plan .  In issuing the 
second party opinion, Kestrel Verifiers has assumed and relied upon the accuracy and completeness of the information 
made publicly available by the City or that was otherwise made available to Kestrel Verifiers.  There is no assurance 
that the designation will be retained for any given period of time or that the designation will not be revised, suspended, 
or withdrawn by Kestrel Verifiers if, in their judgment, circumstances so warrant.  Any such revision, suspension, or 
withdrawal could affect the market price of the Bonds.